+++
title = "Minutes 7-1-2013"
date = "2013-01-07"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-7-1-2013-1474488915518/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

## Present:

zed0, MikeCobra, Goshawk, Moltenfire, James, Ruth.

## Minutes

### Talks and business connections

  - Ruth is in communication with Google about their talk.
  - Email the “backup company” to request a more technical idea suitable for a competition.

### Speed progcomp

  - It has been decided to wait for other other events to be scheduled before organizing another progcomp, although it is planned for the future.

### IBM Hursley

  - The trip will be subsidised by the society and we are currently awaiting a quote from the coach company by DCS.
  - Students going on the trip will be required to make a deposit to make sure everyone who signs up attends.

### Mentoring

  - The mentoring program will be set up via the forum.

### LAN

  - Room bookings will be contacted to try and organize other societies and departments to rearrange their events so LIB2 can be used.

### Gaming in L3

  - Ultimately decided that it wasn’t worth the preparation and setup time to organize for a small extension of gaming.
  - Gaming in LIB1 with a projector during LAN could be an alternative.
