+++
title = "Minutes - 3rd June 2013"
date = "2013-06-02T23:00:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-3rd-june-2013-1474488916724/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

Agenda  
**Present**: zed0, Murtag, ruth, Gaylord, Veltas, james

# Academic

  - Ruth: Hackathon will be Sunday of Week 9, to Monday.
  - Also there is an iLab event Monday.
  - IPSC, the internet prog comp, is this Saturday.
  - Amazon voucher quite possibly prize for this, since we don’t have anything else planned.

# Gaming

**ACTION**:Murtag to get advertisement posters sorted for BFL tournaments.

  - Murtag: Peddle ordered.
  - Moltenfire has very kindly offered to look after gaming this weekend.
  - Adblax has also volunteered to help.

# Tech

  - james: Website guest signup is broken.
  - james: Upgrading servers, aurora is done.
  - james: backus upgraded over Saturday and Sunday.
  - james: backus was not generating a new kernel image, ksplice installs its own version of devmod that fails.
  - james: Suggests ksplice is removed permanently.
  - zed0: Should check website to see what licenses we have for ksplice first.
  - james: Would like to upgrade codd to Debian 7 soon, will need a **planned outage**.  
    **ACTION**: Argha to send email to ‘Mr. T’ for access to codd, just in case.

# Social

  - ruth: We’re having a water fight at BBQ.  
    Solution to unclean compsoc people?

# Miscellaneous

Short exec meeting is short.
