+++
title = "Minutes 2016-10-20 (Term 1 Week 3)"
date = "2016-10-24T11:45:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-2016-10-20-term-1-week-3/"
+++

<p>Minutes term 1 week 3<br/></p>

<!-- more -->

Present: rhiba, tanski, dixon, Zoggoth, Sam, kirby, Joe

\* Do we have the big screen? Who knows.

\* Sam and Zoggoth are not present at gaming this week.

\* Gaming is in 0.06 for this week only and there is a strict ban on food. There
will be no main pizza order.

\* Gaming finishes at 4:00am as there is an open day. Might end earlier than that
If we do good we can hopefully have the room for other open days.

\* Tech team: Currently consists of David, Rayhaan, Will and Rhiannon. We got an
email asking if we could setup advertising space. We replied asking what for
and never got anything back.

\* Just assume Rhiannon has replied to all general emails.

\* Got an email about Kerbal Space Program servers yesterday, it is happening.
It's going on nodd. Rhiannon is sorting it. David would like to know.

\* Seating plan needs doing also.

\* Pizza-get is a bit broken, but there is a one-line curl command that fetches
everything.

\* Pizza codes are a confusing and vast area. There are numerous possibilities -
Jai could continue phoning, we could use 33% off, we could use
buy-one-get-one-free on pizzas only. Investigate Dominos Anywhere?

\* We are about one (and a half) term away from the next elections. We need a new
tech officer for next year. The plan is to make David president. Joe is in
the running for tech officer.

\* Going to ask for more space for the Compsoc home directory.

\* Is the /var/tmp/ logout script being used for Dota? Joe claims it does.

\* Dominos offer JSON pizza output, could be used for pizza-get.

\* Give the Grad a Go sponsorship update - they gave a package, we responded with
prices. A spot on the website is £200, that plus a Facebook is £300,
'unlimited' is more.

\* Changing switch means nodd network downtime in about a week, server isn't
being turned off so screen / tmux sessions will persist.

\* David had people expressing interest in a CompSoc circling before School Days
or Pop. Doesn't really need sanctioning. It can happen non-offically but we're
not doing it.

\* Can't book Exam LAN as the room is taken, we're trying for the Occulus but
there might not be the resources / ethernet. OC0.03 looks good.

\* BFL has been extended and is now booked from 10am instead of 3pm.

Extra Things

\* "GNOME is a bit dodg"

\* Next exec meeting in Jai's room

