+++
title = "Minutes 2016-11-10 (Term 1 Week 6)"
date = "2016-11-17T11:19:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-2016-11-10-term-1-week-6/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

<p>Minutes term 1 week 6<br/></p>

<!-- more -->

Present: rhiba, tanski, dixon, kirby, Sam, Veltas, jai (late\!), Zoggoth (late\!)

\* Alex is going to find out how to use the SU to invoice sponsorship companies.
Preferably by next meeting.

\* Jai not here for gaming. Possibly no Vive as it needs his computer.

\* Next email should have LAN signups. Currently there aren't any. rhiba: Add
signups.

\* Seating plan will be Excel this time, but a new one will be made one day.

\* Alex offers to write a frontend if an API is provided.

\* Hot topic of debate - do we hardcode the seating plan or not? What if we
don't use LIB2? But when does that ever happen?

\* We've told Dota that we are deprecating dcs-get over Christmas. "Just turn it
off". rhiba is looking into a solution with Joe, Veltas could assist also.

\* Super hot fire topic: Do we get rid of dcs-get for everyone except gaming? Or
keep it open for free use with a logout script?  
    \* Symlink from home directory to /var/tmp as a potential solution?  
    \* stow is a good and easy solution, but dependency management.  
    \* Probably other stuff, I (kirby) don't actually know enough about dcs-get
to write about these suggestions well enough. Ask rhiba / david.  
    \* Roger is fine with David's solution.

\* Cisco is a bit on the quiet side. Daphne (the ambassador) is in constant
contact.

\* David's idea - after Christmas, we try flyering again. We have run out flyers
and posters.

\* Big screen: They got back a week and a half later (last Thursday). Keep
asking for two weeks in advance. As LAN starts at 8pm, that week is fine
also. Start it at 5pm.

\* rhiba: Send angry email about LAN room.

