+++
title = "Minutes 2017-03-14 (Term 2 Week 10)"
date = "2017-03-24T14:29:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-2017-03-14-term-2-week-10/"
+++

<p>For exec handover, two secretaries wrote the minutes for this meeting: <b>kirby </b>(outgoing), and <b>Sam </b>(incoming).</p>

<!-- more -->

##### **kirby's minutes:**

Present: sam, kirby, king david the 1st, rob, callum, adam, ed, elliot,

  brandon (really far too late)

  

\* David the 2nd might be at webdev marking

\* "I haven't slept, but I had a good time" - Adam on CS degrees in general

\* Coursework kills, stay informed kids.

\* Need to finalise handover dates. Thinking week one term 3?

\* Old people vs. new people exchange handover dates among themselves.

\* 1st years will have exams though, though they're done at the end of the week.

\* Lovelace should be fixed over the Easter break.

\* Unsure what to do with society accounts, current website does not support.

\* Any new requests for data, there is an article on the website describing the

  process.

\* Socials - David the 1st wants to run a few more socials so we don't become

  "socially inept". Possible ideas include go karting and trampolining. Restart

  Compsoc bowling?

\* Pubs will continue as well.

\* Start of term meal to replace end of term meal for this term. We'll likely

  book two weeks before.

\* Possibility of some kind of basic not-quite revision lecture for data

  structures or something? To run something academic.

\* Next year workshops on user interface and user experience design.

\* Gaming will have one TV.

\* Move exec chat to Discord? Discord keeps the chat open unlike Facebook. Could

  time it with handover in week 1 term 3.

\* Sam does not have edit permissions on the website, please fix.

\* Find accounts password file.

\* "Apart from emotes I've got nothing" - Callum

\* Bring back the thread of running exec meetings in Jai's room.

\* dcs-get and gaming-get is fully dead and coming back.

\* Need to look into the NUEL rep back.

\* "I'm sure they'd love Super Slime Soccer 2" - Adam on League and Dota Soc.

\* "\#cs on the Discord is not a Counter Strike channel\!"

\* "Make Esports Great Again" - David the 1st on ESports in Compsoc.

##### **Sam's minutes:**

Present: kirby, Sam, Callum, David (el Presidente), Rob, Adam

Late: Ed, Elliot

So two thousand and late: Brandon

Absent: Everyone else. Obviously.

  

- Handover dates:

  - Get handover done by end of week 1, term 3.

  - New exec should talk to the old exec and get handover tips etc.

- Lovelace should be fixed over easter, for real this time. If people request data follow the protocol (article on website).

- We are apparently socialable people, who knew? Plan for next term:

  - Go karting

  - Trampolining

  - Start of term meal at Farmhouse

  - Pub will endure

- BFL next term\! No exam LAN :/

- Might organise a DIS revision talk next term to help the first years.

- Liam Steadmnan wants to run a UI/UX workshop because of the bad Software Engineering \*looks around nervously\*, continuing to arrange this.

- dcs-get is dead. This is not a bad thing necessarily, easy to work around it for gaming. We can survive without vvvvvv.

- CompSoc have gained the "Diplomatic Insult" Casus Belli on LeagueSoc. Wargoal: Reclaim NUEL rep.

- \#cs is NOT A COUNTER STRIKE CHANNEL ROB

  

Todo:

- Anyone: Make an exec discord channel.

- David: Give Sam edit permissions.

- David: Find accounts password file, it exists somewhere. Probably.

  

Quotes:

Adam - "I haven't slept, but I had a good time"

Callum - "Apart from emotes I've got nothing"

David - "Make eSports great again"

kirby - "I'm still thinking a hostile takeover is better"

