+++
title = "Minutes 2017-05-04 (Term 3 Week 2)"
date = "2017-05-04T16:00:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-2017-05-04-term-3-week-2/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

<p>Minutes term 3 week 2</p>

<!-- more -->

**Present:** Sam, Brandon, Rob, David II, Adam, David I

**Late:** kirby, Jai, Elliot, Ed

**Absent:** Everyone else. Obviously.

  

#### Grant

  - Little that we can actually get, usually for one off activities that are enriching for all members of the society.

  - Funding a speaker would be difficult, as funds are limited and competed for.

  - Rhiba is talking to DB tomorrow about money.

  

#### GamersApparel

  - Moving forward, paid them initial setup fee.

  - Getting: T-Shirt, Polo, Hoodie, Jersey.

  - Not paying for shop maintenance, not worth it.

  - Should be done by Week 5-ish, will discuss further at next exec meeting and include all necessary info in e-mail.

  

#### Google I/O

  - Booked a screening of Google I/O. We have OC0.01, event in Week 4. Send information in e-mail over the next two weeks.

  

**Note: No exec meeting next week**

##### **Todo:**

David - Create sponsorship pack for next year

  

##### **Quotes:**

Adam - "We should pint more money"

