+++
title = "Minutes 29/9/10"
date = "2010-09-29"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-29910-1474488910485/"
+++

## Present:

MrWilson, TeamDoherty, Kuros, Cranman, Connorhd, SigmaD, Dirtus, Fyorl, Trip, dangerman, Zed0

## Minutes:

### Posters:

  - Connor bought a box full from Sinjo’s cupboard.
  - There are extra flyers in Backus’ cupboard.

### Banner:

  - The union use ratios: 1x2, 1x6, 1x12
  - Our current banner design is 1x3
  - Connor will fix the pdf and order the banner.

### Fresher’s fair:

  - Dirtus doesn’t have a timetable yet, so doesn’t know when he’ll be free.
  - A google document should be created for the Societies Fair.
  - The societies fair takes place on Thursday. (Non-academic societies on Wednesday)
  - Assume everything we ask for isn’t there.
  - We shouldn’t send anyone to the societies fair in order to help the Union out of its massive debt.

### Atrium booking for gaming tournament:

  - TeamDoherty has been given the form.

### Events

  - Dirtus has put up events for the year.
  - MrWilson will write something on the website to greet the freshers.
  - “Hi, I’m fabulous.” - cranman
  - We should re-implement the flaming text website for freshers.

### Alton Towers

  - Cancelled due to lack of interest.

### Freebies for the fresher’s fair

  - We have the mugs from IBM and Rubik’s cubes from Bloomberg.

### Room Booking

  - Warwick Skills Certificate have LIB2 for most LAN weekends. We have been given LIB1 instead.
  - LIB1 has insufficient power for LANs.  
    **Action**: MrWilson to contact WSC about swaping LIB1/LIB2 for LANs.
  - We have LIB2 for the week6 (first) LAN.

### Academic Talks

  - Wednesday early afternoon is no good.
  - Pizza should be provided.
  - Decided on Wednesday 6-8pm.
  - Sinjo has offered to do a talk in week 2.
  - MrWilson will sort external talks.
  - Connor has offered to do a talk.
  - Need tiered room, S0.19 suggested.

### Computing Society Funds:

  - CompSoc has £4,000.
  - We could buy out Coventry University.
  - MrWilson: “Why would we buy that?”

### Bloomberg:

  - A separate meeting is necessary.
  - With Sadiq if possible.
  - A large venue is required.
  - Hiring computers for a day for the programming contest was suggested. (dell?) (Seems unfeasible.)
  - We should book LIB2 & LIB1 (for overflow).
  - Bloomberg will print publicity.

### Term 1 Gaming Tournament:

  - Should take place in L3.
  - The chairs have been fixed\!

### Gaming:

  - Dirtus proposes:
  - Online weekly Steam event, possibly on Thursday.
  - Vote for what game people want to play.
  - TeamDoherty proposes TF2 lobby system.  
    **Action**: TeamDoherty to look at this.

### Phantom Coach:

  - Need to be phoned before next time.  
    **Action**: Dirtus to phone the Phantom Coach.

### Dr Watson’s Data Centre Tour:

  - Was popular last year.  
    **Action**: MrWilson to talk to him.

### Backus’ IRC:

  - Fyorl wants to delegate the problem.

### Minibus Speed Restrictions

  - Some minibuses only have speed restrictions in 5th gear, not 4th.

### Thought For The Day:

‘If this sheet is not wanted, please recycle it\!’
