+++
title = "Meeting Notes 2019-10-18"
date = "2019-10-18T09:01:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/meeting-notes-2019-10-18/"
+++

<p>Our meeting notes for the 18th of October</p>

<!-- more -->

## Meeting Notes 2019-10-18

#### In Attendance: Ryan, Dan, David B., Toby, John, Sam

#### Late: Jaeseok, Scott

#### Absent: Rob

#### 

### Academic Events

  - David B. to give a talk on building a web app in JS
      - CS1.04, 1-2pm Wednesday
  - 2 more talks planned
      - LSEG 1:30-3:30pm, room pending talk synopsis
      - Alex Dixon on 3d printing
  - Week 10 talk?
      - Michael Gale might do one
      - Possibly something unusual like a quiz
          - 3 or 4 rounds, each by an exec
  - G-research doing a coding challenge
      - Monday 28th October, cs001
      - should start advertising that today
  - Sam talking to Netitude about running a CTF
  - 2 more sorted for next term
      - Daniel Illet
      - Optiver
  - Turnout was very good for Git Gud.
      - Remember to use microphone next time
      - Lecture capture?
      - Keep in mind lecture times for first years

### Gaming

  - The Index is here\!
  - What do we do with the Vive?
      - Auction for space and funds?
          - Liaise with the SU
          - maybe purchase a squeaky gavel
  - Gaming tonight
      - Sam won't be there
      - Tomorrow's an open day, so keep in mind when deciding teardown time

### LAN post mortem

  - Some people didn't turn up (mostly the auto-allocated)
  - good attendance overall tho
  - Let people know LAN tournaments should have all sign-ups physically at LAN?
  - We've got 4 more LANs before BFL this year
      - woah
  - Maybe dumpster lib1?
      - Would have Lib2 at full capacity (80\~90)
      - Perhaps pull in Lib1 if capacity reached early in sign-ups
      - This may require a refactoring of warwick.gg
  - Should ask for contact details, prevent abandoned PC situation from happening again
      - Had to drag a couple setups to security hub on the trolley
      - Just a phone number would do
  - Maybe have a checklist for attendees (run by exec) for data
      - Occasionally have a head-count of current attendees
  - Stick to paper for seat indications
      - Maybe also have somewhere to write your contact in case you leave
      - Also include exec emergency contacts, rules
      - Shred afterwards to prevent GDPR breach
  - SUPER TUX KART?????????
  - Jackbox event pls
  - Music Server stuff
      - Maybe for the first few hours?
      - Transition to music server for rest of LAN

### LAN NAMES

  - Christmas LAN is over. Long live Christmas LAN\!
  - 1st November - Luigi's LANsion
  - Name LANs after recent game releases
  - Put LANs on warwick.gg

### WASD

  - David R. designing WASD stickers
  - Lib1 and Lib2 aren't free
  - Try for Oculus?
      - May have to negotiate with security about keeping stuff there overnight?
  - Arts Centre has studios\! Maybe one of those?
      - Pretty big though
      - Good rooms though
      - David R. to liaise?

### Socials

  - Freshers want a T-Bar event
  - Smash Bros. on the Piazza
      - **CLEAN OUT THE SMASH BROS NAMES FIRST**
      - Try for Week 6
      - Maybe just before Gaming?
      - Contact Nintendo Society
  - Sam's team won the postgrad quiz whatever that is
  - No changes for any socials dates
  - End of Term Meal
      - Farmhouse?
      - Maybe do a Discord poll of the following;
          - Farmhouse - indian/british fusion
          - Wing Wah - chinese
          - Nandos - its fucking nandos
          - The White Horse in Leamington - pub with lots of drinks
  - COMPSOC CREAMS IN LEAMINGTON 2: EXTRA CREAMIER EDITION

### AOB

  - the bloody awful stupid god-damn cupboard situation
      - Toby has formally declared war, they have until the end of October to remove their gear
      - Check up with Rodger
  - John
      - Figure out how to destroy the former disgraced hoover
  - Archery
      - Want to borrow some of our gear, weekend week 6
          - duct tape, extension cords

## Quotes

"Does anyone have any questions, comments or threats?" - Sam

