+++
title = "Meeting Notes 2020-03-12"
date = "2020-03-12T10:43:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/meeting-notes-2020-03-12/"
+++

<p>Final Notes of term 2</p>

<!-- more -->

Meeting Notes 12/03/2020

**In Attendance:** David, John, Amelie, Ryan, Jaeseok, Sam, Daisy, Dan, Thomas

**Late:** Scott

**Absent:** Rob

(ryan is minuting)

### Handover

  - todo; memorandum of understanding, exec sheet, risk assessment
  - Election of a Welfare Officer
      - Separating this into welfare and equal ops
          - John re-elected as Welfare
          - Daisy elected as equal ops
  - Ryan and Scott to go to a meeting to ensure we can have Circles
  - Inventory to be updated
      - Audio mixer, headphones
      - Tablecloths
  - Ryan and Sam to sign memorandum of understanding
  - John to do risk assessment
  - Add constitution and health and safety to the website (Thomas)
  - All exec to do handover stuff
      - To be done over Easter
      - Official handover to happen next Monday
  - Daisy to talk to Anna Preston about pointers on Women's Officer role
      - Look into Code First: Girls? (Daisy & Amelie)
  - Discord roles
      - Add more in-depth server explanation to \#welcome
      - Move most exec conversation to \#exec, keep \#exec-priv explicitly for private matters
      - Transfer ownership to a bot?
      - Admin role to be given to:
          - Thomas
          - Ryan
          - Ask Zed0 if he still needs it
  - Gaming password
      - Time to replace it\!
      - Used for: compsoc account, steam account, youtube channels

### Individual Exec Notes

  - President
      - No longer academic stuff, no longer booking room
      - Draft a sponsorship proposal with Amelie
      - Correspond with the department more closely\!
      - Geek Zone?
  - Treasurer
      - List of sponsors
      - Business as usual
      - Get the Stripe account handed over
  - Academic Coordinator
      - Sam to send list of contacts
      - Liaise with Daniel in Game Design Soc about academic talks
  - Gaming Coordinator
      - Possibly need to sort out new room for gaming if renovations happen
      - Learn how gaming-get works
      - Consider cancelling Vive/gaming if Coronavirus outbreak continues
  - Tech Officer
      - Requesting a list of past errors, current methods
      - Toby to walk through systems
      - More documentation pls thanks
  - Secretary
      - CSS in email?
  - Women's Officer
      - Talk to Anna Preston
      - Talk to Marcin Jurdzinski too
  - Social Secretary
      - Push socials on SU pages, refresh SU pages\!
      - Have a few events in welcome week\!
          - An academic talk and a Social probably
      - Make sure people know our events aren't DCS events

## Quotes

"Brian Blessed is the welfare officer" - Sam

"Health and Safety *doesn't exist*\!" - Thomas

"Monady"- Ryan's notes before revision

"There's No *Fucking* in Summer LAN" - Amelie

"Don't minute that" - Amelie

