+++
title = "Meeting Notes 2020-04-16"
date = "2020-04-16T14:53:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/meeting-notes-2020-04-16/"
+++

<p>First Notes of Term 3</p>

<!-- more -->

Meeting Notes 16/04/2020

**In Attendance:** Toby, John, Dan, Ryan, Daisy, Thomas, Amelie

**Late:** Scott

**Absent:** Rob

(Toby is Minuting)

  - Dimitry's programming competition
      - General agreement as a good idea
      - Creativity makes cheating a non-issue
      - Dmitry seems quite fond of our idea so far
      - Theme of "Web-App with a community focus"
      - Grand Prize + 2 Runner-ups
          - Digital preferred, possibly vouchers of some kind, consult further with DCS
      - Commence Week 2 of term (27th), run for one week
      - Possible ex-exec/exec/department to judge
      - Could possibly run further events in the future
      - Page detailing competition and sign up
      - How supportive do we want to be, range from mentoring to asking questions.
          - Leaning towards question asking and being around
  - Socials
      - Could potentially run movie nights
          - Probable licensing issues
          - Anyone who can, figure it out properly
              - Netflix Party maybe?
      - Quizzes potentially
          - Pub quizzes from the comfort of our own homes
          - Can be vaguely on theme, just consider audience
          - Sometime mid-term?
          - Goose coupons as prizes
      - We run gaming on Tuesday and Friday
          - Jackbox is fun but sometimes end up only able to play Bracketeering
          - Announcements should be more timely
          - Jackbox and TTT are most popular
          - Ideas are around for servers, yet to do anything
          - Ask Rhiba about encouraging people to use her server potentially?
          - Revive the Steam group, Rhiba is the only reasonable contactable moderator
  - Sponsorship
      - Need to draft proposals, (Amelie and Ryan)
  - Website
      - Sort out exec photos for website
      - Update content
  - Newsletter content
      - Possibly back to weekly
  - Potentially talk with Discord on how to handle dynastic servers
  - Society websites we host
      - Can we get contact for the societies that we host websites for
      - Cleanup old ones that are dead
      - Setup a cutoff date for cleaning up old non-member sites potentially
          - Grace periods
          - Specifics can be figured out
      - Can retool apache to setup proper separate logging
      - Thomas can deal with
  - AOB
      - Society paid-for Discord boosts
          - Level 1 Boost
          - Could pay for this under marketing costs
          - Roughly $70 a year
          - Could be a headache money-wise
      - Potentially keep up Online Social things even when the pandemic has become less of an issue

**Quotes**

"You can't see the air quotes, but I am doing them" - Ryan

"A goupon if you will" - John

"CHEW TO TALK" - jai\_

" They're as good at detecting things as a sniffer dog with no face" - Sam

"Do not quote that one\!" - Ryan

