+++
title = "Meeting Notes 2020-01-24"
date = "2020-01-24T11:05:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/meeting-notes-2020-01-24/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

<p>Hippity hoppity, these notes are my property</p>

<!-- more -->

## OH MY GOD ITS NOTES\!

#### In attendance: Ryan, Sam, John, Toby, David, Dan

#### Late:

#### Absent: Rob, Scott

### Elections/Constitution

  - Big changes to the exec team expected
  - Neither Sam nor David B. are going to run :\[
  - Also consider locking down LAN rooms due to low attendance at late hours?
  - Consideration of a Women's Officer role
      - No women ran this academic year, which is unusual
  - Consideration of making an academic admin/pres, separate from leader role
      - we need to rename the 'president' roles if that's the case
          - Organiser?
  - remove publicity, assigning its duties as needed
  - remove welfare as an elected role, make it an assigned role instead
  - Changing voting rules to Single-Transfer instead of FPTP
  - Push for socs fed fee exemption for academic societies
  - Ryan to write up constitutional changes
  - Encourage candidates to mention what other roles they're running for

### Gaming

  - Consider setting a specific endpoint for Gaming
      - \~1 am?
      - Gaming can rarely last til like 5am, but a majority leaves by 1am.
  - Perhaps start earlier (7pm)
  - CS0.03 is being refurbished, so we may need to relocate entirely to CS0.01
  - Next LAN;
      - Is Week 6
      - LANimal Crossing\!
      - Consider a LAN bus?
          - A physical, moving bus, not a network thing
      - More tournaments\!
          - Kinect games?
          - Wii games?
      - We should start advertising now
  - BFL - The Return of Friendliness
      - Consider a loose schedule for events

### WASD

  - its happening
  - (specifically in the SU atrium)
  - David to collate what games are needed
  - Start establishing a rota now
  - ITS have ensured internet connection

### Academic

  - Wednesday is generally the best time for the talks
  - Possibly introduce an auxiliary admin role for organising academic events?
  - CTF with Ne(t/tt)itude (29th of January, 2pm to 6pm)
      - Push department to advertise for us
      - Post in freshers discords etc.
      - Toby offered to help set up
  - Optiver Talk - Low-latency programming - Week 9 wednesday
      - Sam booked a room\! Somewhere in the oculus
  - Sam covering LaTeX in week 6
  - Toby might do one :o

### Newsletters

  - Consider less frequent emails, with smaller emails for particular events
  - Still the best way to reach all members
      - not to toot my horn :^)
  - Consider making a calendar of events

### Misc

  - Resolve to post more in \#exec rather than \#exec-priv
  - Wellbeing Week with Maths, Stats and Phys Socs
      - Board games, treasure hunts, etc
      - Exact details to emerge next monday
      - Sam and John helping with this
      - bake takes for tuesday pls
  - Sam to cut a new key for the 3rd cupboard

## Quotes

"Rolf is so *corporate* now" - Sam

"Rhubarb rhubarb rhubarb" - Toby

