+++
title = "Exec Minutes 10-11-2009"
date = "2009-11-10"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/exec-minutes-10-11-2009-1474488908340/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

## Present:

Connor Dunn, Chris Sinjakli, Claire Thomas, Tim Monks, Nathan Wong, Anees Ahee, William Harris, Ben Falconer, Rebecca Chui, Vincent Poon

### Apologies:

Matt Alves, Tomas Pilar

## Minutes

### Gaming arrangements

The point was raised that there are some people who attend gaming who would like made available a quieter environment to code or work in.  
Monk suggested that the MSc lab in DCS could be used by these people, but concerns were raised about the room’s accessibility. It was suggested instead that Rock Band be moved back into CS0.01 in order that CS0.06 could be made quieter. This motion passed a unanimous vote provided volumes were kept reasonable and Rock Band moved into the far corner.

**Action** : Rock Band to be moved back into main gaming room, quieter work and programming to be encouraged in CS0.06

### Clothing order

The design of the hoodie was broadly agreed upon as being similar to previous years’ but with an updated logo and the addition of a large print of it on the rear of the garment. It is hoped that the order can be made by the end of term.

**Action**: Connor will obtain quotes from various companies.

### Progcomp

Connor said that this would happen on Wednesday evening in week 8. It will take the format of a speed programming competition. Accenture have agreed to sponsor it, and their sponsorship funds should hopefully be coming through soon, but all material related to the event will include their name/logo.

**Action**: Connor to pass on information about event to Trip.  
**Action**: Trip to update previous progcomp posters with appropiate details and add the Accenture logo.

### Week 6 LAN

Details of the LAN were discussed. Techteam will organise setup from 7PM onwards.

**Action**: Estel and Azurit to discuss prize tournament  
**Action**: Mogmiester to unbook PS1.28 and book Lib1  
**Action**: Estel to create pizza order event  
**Action**: Estel to send out general LAN email  
**Action**: Sinjo to ask Roger for trolley

### Mailing lists

It was discussed that the exec often recieve requests for services / job adverts from various parties both inside the University and from outside companies. It was agreed that it did not seem appropiate to send these either to compsoc-discuss, where they seem spammy, or compsoc-jobs, which is too specific. Instead, a new mailing list, compsoc-interest will be set up where the exec can send these advertisements. The list will be opt-in, and a digest of any posts to it will be included in the weekly newsletter.

**Action**: Connor to set up new list and email members about its existance

### Left4Dead 2 tournament

It was suggested that the society could run a Left4Dead2 tournament on the game’s release next week. The possibility of advertising this to the campus at large and setting up a dedicated website was also discussed.

**Action**: Estel to organise details of L4D2 tournament

### Any other business

  - The planned IBM Warwick trip will be unable to run this term owing to a mixup regarding the dates.
  - Trip volunteered to flier campus in two weeks time.
  - Zedo said that people had requested Rock Band DLC at Gaming. It was discussed that, given the society 360 has no harddrive, this could prove quite expensive.
      - **Action**: Estel to make list at gaming of what songs are requested and see if these would suggest the purchase of any Rock Band song packs.
  - The second guitar controller being used by the society does not belong to it.
      - **Action**: Estel to organise purchase of second guitar controller.
  - It is uncertain whether the Presidential training was attended by a member of the society.

Actions from the previous meeting that have not been completed were reactioned:

**Action**: Monk to add the society logo to the SU webpage  
**Action**: Sinjo to attend first aid training (when available).  
**Action**: the entire exec (except Trip) to review and amend the Health Risk Assessment form.  
**Action**: Pepper to contact Wing Wahs  
**Action**: monk to produce a list of alumni and pass to pepper  
**Action**: pepper to contact alumni about reunion plans  
**Action**: pepper to create an event for the Christmas meal  
**Action**: monk to email -discuss about FOSDEM trip
