+++
title = "Minutes - 3/3/2010"
date = "2010-03-03"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-332010-1474488909157/"
+++

## Present:

MrWilson, Mogmiester, Dirtus, Cranman, Fyorl, TeamDoherty, Agaeki, Zed0, Azurit, Trip, SigmaD

## Minutes:

### Emails/Mailing List and Website:

  - Fyorl needs the mailman password to do things.
  - Monk may or may not have added people to the mailing list already.
  - Exec Bios need updating
  - Admins can rewrite the entire website. (Don’t do that)

### Dirtus’ Si… Football:

  - Dirtus wondered if anyone was interested in a 5 a side game.
  - Will be mentioned in newsletter.

### Pokemon Social:

  - There is an event advertising Heart Gold/Soul Silver.
  - Taking place in Nuneaton.
  - Sometime next month.
  - TeamDoherty suggested using the union’s people carriers.
  - WGD is also interested.(Forging better relations isn’t a bad idea.)

### Gaming:

  - Agaeki is now gaming bitch/officer.
  - Steam: There are some fixes for macs, so maybe there will be improvement for linux?
  - “Expect something in the next 2-4 years”-TeamDoherty
  - Agaeki needs access to Aurora.(Admin for games)
  - Check Steam status.  
    **Action**: Agaeki and Fyorl need to talk to Roger to get gaming passwords, ideally with Mulletron.

### Keys:

  - Fyorl will have the Tech. keys.
  - Agaeki will have the Gaming keys, since TeamDoherty has no DCS access.
  - MrWilson will have the academic keys.  
    **Action**: MrWilson needs to get the keys from Sinjo/Connor

### Game Tournaments & Posters:

  - There is a tournament framework on the website.
  - Fyorl suggests a RUA tournament.
  - People could enter in pairs in a L4D tournament.
  - Trip makes awesome posters, but already makes posters for 4-6 societies.
  - Having a publicity officer make posters is better than random exec making rubbish posters.

### Real Ale Festival:

  - We should ‘just go’ and meet outside.
  - “Oh yeah, shit, it’s tomorrow” - Dirtus

### Budget:

  - Need to talk to Monk.
  - Things that may or may not be budgeted for: Server racks, Servers, Wires, Power supplies, Aero-dynamic computer cases, Generators, Components for a nuclear reactor.
  - Budget needs to be done by end of term(Unconfirmed).

### Future Exec meetings:

**Action**: Secretary will make something on GoogleDocs to establish what times people are free.

  - Dirtus should make a tea social after every meeting.

### Misc:

  - TeamDoherty could do with a sandwich.
  - The Secretary has pens wrapped for freshness.
  - Dirtus may as well schedule CuriosiTEA events every day.
  - MrWilson is in favour of perpetuiTEA.
  - The Secretary needs better shorthand.
  - We should play Sins of a Solar Empire: “See you next week.”
  - MrWilson likes pie charts.
  - Girls stack with diminishing returns.

## Next Meeting:

  - To be Confirmed.
