+++
title = "Minutes 12/3/2010"
date = "2010-03-12"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-1232010-1474488909357/"
+++

## Present:

MrWilson, Dirtus, Dangerman, PokeForCake, Sinjo, Estel, Cranman, Connor, Agaeki, Fyorl, Mulletron, Bucko, Zed0, SigmaD, Monk and TeamDoherty

## Minutes:

### Agenda:

  - An agenda would be useful, maybe googledocs

### Gaming:

  - Fyorl got Diablo 2 working.
  - Steam:
  - TeamDoherty wants to get steam working.
  - People need to own games to play is a benefit.
  - Connor reckons that with enough work, most steam games could be run.
  - Fyorl has server access and has giventhe appropriate people Aurora access.  
    **Action**: Mulletron and Estel explaining how Aurora works to Agaeki.
  - Gaming officer/president still need login password.
  - Coventry university gaming day next friday.

### Company contacts:

  - ‘They’re in a small database completely contained within my head.’ - Connor

### E-mails/Mailing List:

  - E-mails to be switched to new exec.
  - Fyorl to do switchover
  - Fyorl added himself and was added by Monk.
  - Sinjo to put Fyorl on the root users mailing lists.
  - ‘Trivially filterable into somewhere you don’t need to look.’ - Sinjo

### Publicity handover:

  - ‘Do you know the Phantom Coach’s phone number?’ - Mulletron
  - ‘Yeah’ - Dirtus
  - ‘Sorted.’

### Keys:

  - Have been handed over.
  - Another pair might be good as Sinjo and Connor continue to do maintenence.

### If Servers explode during the holidays:

  - MrWilson is mostly nearby, Mulletron will also be available.
  - ‘So it’s me then.’ - Mulletron

### Codd Downtime:

  - Codd went down, at this time nobody knows why.
  - There is an incident report on the techteam wiki (Possibly a hardware issue?)
  - If no cause is found, it may go down again in the future.

### Academic Plans:

  - ‘Um…’-MrWilson
  - ‘He stopped breathing there for a minute’ - Mulletron
  - Arrange similar events.
  - Contact IBM.

### Connor’s Shopping List and other things to buy:

  - New cases for the servers and ‘Extreme Massive airflow fans’
  - The above costs about £340.
  - The society has about £2000 in the account.
  - ‘I’ve gone for serious fans.’-Connor
  - ‘Not shit’ boxes for carrying stuff.
  - The cupboard should be measured to find the right size of box.
  - ‘Make a ProgComp about it.’-Monk
  - ‘Boxes from Ikea have labels saying don’t put babies in boxes.’-Bucko
  - ‘You’ve got to put babies in the right box.’ - PokeForCake

### Cables for LAN:

  - Need more small cables as they disappear after LANs.
  - It would be too much trouble to make cables.
  - ‘I can do the bitch work.’ - Dirtus
  - Dirtus to make 100 short cables.

### Events:

  - Gaming needs to not last a week.
  - Adding events 3 weeks in advance is suitable.

### Budget:

  - Draft budget needed very soon.
  - Monk and Cranman will sort out the budget tonight.
  - The budget can have a photo.
  - ‘Do you want to pose for a picture Bucko?’
  - Buy a huge screen so you can play games standing on the other side of the room.
  - ‘The Union is bust’ - Monk
  - ‘We could pay the union’s debts.’ - Estel
  - ‘Having a plan is a good plan.’
  - The budget is the plan for next year

### Pokemon Thing:

  - Judged the time wrong - actually tomorrow.
  - ‘So you go to Nuneaton to get a pokemon…’ - Sinjo
  - ‘It’s not a real animal.’ - Mulletron

### Football:

  - The playing fields are booked until the end of term.
  - ‘Football is like DotA, you pretend it’s a team game.’ - Monk
  - ‘Stun him\!’ - Monk
  - People only want to play a casual game, as opposed to entering leagues/competitions.
  - ‘That means we can beat them easier.’-Monk

### The reason for not playing on the field next to maths:

  - “What if it’s cold?”

### Compsoc Paintball:

  - CompSoc vs PaintballSoc is traditional.
  - Mary is on the paintball exec.  
    **Action**: Dirtus to talk to Mary about paintball.
  - Dirtus has gokarting planned for week9

### Clothing:

  - The costs for digitising the logo too big to be given to the 6 people interested.  
    **Action**: MrWilson to talk to Sadiq about clothing.

### Various Admin:

**Action**: hand in change of exec form

  - The Exec contact list in the cupboard needs updating - can be done after meeting.  
    **Action**: Exec to update bios.

### Misc:

  - Azurit is probably watching Sharpe.
  - ‘Calm down Bucko.’ - Mulletron
  - ‘Not DDRCS.’ - MrWilson
  - ‘We should get a brothel and charge for it.’ - Fyorl

## Next Meeting:

  - Wednesday 17th March
