+++
title = "Minutes 24/6/2010"
date = "2010-06-24"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-2462010-1474488910263/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

## Present:

Cranman, Sinjo, Connorhd, Monk, TeamDoherty, SigmaD, Azurit

## Apologies:

MrWilson, Agaeki

## Minutes:

### BFL:

  - There needs to be an Exec rota.  
    **Action**: SigmaD to create googledoc for exec rota.
  - No offical pizza order at the BFL.  
    **Action**: Fyorl needs to speak to Roger about the trolley.
  - Power for setup (Check MrWilson and Agaeki remember the power arrangement Azurit told them about last LAN.)
  - Natural20’s friends shouldn’t be a problem but he should sign them up as proper guest accounts.
  - 63 people should be fine(current number), but not more than 65.
  - “The space, but also the smell.”-Connorhd
  - People could be pushed into the Math Pond to remedy this problem.
  - Rockband and Console games will be in LIB1.

### IBM:

  - IBM are visiting on the Wednesday of BFL to discuss sponsorship.
  - Organize trips, such as the ones to IBM Hursely. Maybe try to re-organise the IBM Warwick event.
  - Providing speakers for talks.
  - May provide freebies for the fresher’s fair.
  - IBM is our main sponsor; appearing on the website.

### Gaming Tournament:

  - TeamDoherty may run a small tournament during the BFL, for people at the LAN.
  - Maybe Street Fighter 4 or Team Fortress 2.
  - Agaeki needs to be poked to fix TF2.

### MCM Expo:

  - NTS from the anime society has suggested a joint trip to the MCM Expo.
  - It is straightforward to create an event for this.

### BBQ/Picnic:

  - Nothing has been heard from Dirtus.
  - MrWilson suggests a picnic on the Wednesday.
  - Any Sunday event can’t be on campus and may also conflict with the England game.
  - An event on Wednesday would be good if the weather is nice.
  - The same place as last year would be good for this.

### Saturday activity:

  - If anything was going to happen, it should have been planned at least 6 weeks ago.

### Room Booking for next year:

  - Should get in contact with them before it opens, concerning LANs.  
    **Action**: SigmaD/Mogmiester to sort out transfer of room booking powers.
  - Engineering tried to book LIB2 for a single hour during the BFL again.
  - We should check that this was sorted out.
  - If we don’t get priority, negociate with who has the room. LIB2 is the only suitable room for LANs.
  - Book LIB1 for LANs.

### Fresher’s Fair:

  - We should get a PVC printed banner for the society. (That can also be used at LANs.)
  - Mary from the Paintball society had a similar banner created for paintball, which we should talk to her about.
  - Rayfount printing have good quality.
  - The banner should have Hemmed edges and Eyelets.
  - We still have some flyers and posters left over from last year, in Backus’ cupboard.
  - The posters from last year are on Connorhd’s userspace.
  - We may recieve free stuff from our sponsors to give out at the fresher’s fair.

### Academic Talks next year:

  - Book a room to make talks a regular event.
  - Sinjo and Connorhd have volenteered to do talks.
  - Bloomberg also offered people to do talks.
  - Deatils should be sorted out during summer.
