+++
title = "Minutes 21/5/2010"
date = "2010-05-21"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-2152010-1474488909983/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

## Present:

Demo, Dirtus, Mogmiester, Fyorl, TeamDoherty, Cranman, Connorhd, Sinjo, Zed0, SigmaD, MrWilson, Dangerman, Sadiq, Trip, Viruk Agaeki, Sleeping Guy.

## Minutes:

### Bloomberg:

  - Replied to e-mail.
  - MrWilson and SigmaD are going.
  - We can be reimbursed for train tickets.
  - The presentation will be put on GoogleDocs.

### Games testing:

  - TeamDoherty replied to the e-mail.
  - We will be contacted, a week in advance of when they need testers.
  - We should make a database of members who want to be contacted for games testing.
  - Kegger knows somebody from Codemasters, who we may be able to talk to about games testing or sponsorship in the future. - ‘He was apparently drunk at the time though, see how it goes.’

### Sleeping guy:

  - We ‘think’ sleeping guy is alive.
  - ‘Is he moving?’ - Mogmiester
  - ‘Why is someone asleep, is that part of the exec?’ - Viruk
  - ‘Sleeping guy is beating Viruk at exec.’ -Sadiq
  - ‘Don’t wake him, we checked he was breathing.’ - Sadiq

### Monitor purchase:

  - Needs to fit in the cupboard.
  - HDMI is not that important.
  - We should get the monitor before LAN ideally.
  - We should invest in magic rocks and solid gold cables to improve picture quality.

### Socials:

  - Dirtus wants to do pub crawl .
  - Go-karting has been decided for the Saturday before BFL.
  - Pub crawl after Dirtus’ exams finish.

### Agaeki arrives late:

  - ‘Who is that incredibly dashing young man.’ - MrWilson
  - ‘Put your hair up, see how much of a girl Agaeki looks like.’ -MrWilson

### Action Followup:

  - Maybe SF4 at BFL, otherwise next term.
  - MrWilson hasn’t yet organised the digitisation of the logo for clothing.  
    **Action**:Connorhd to give Cranman FastHosts password  
    **Action**:Connorhd to have ProgComp marking done for the presentation at LAN.

### GoogleTalk at exec meeting:

  - ‘Oh, we have a 3 way going’  
    **Action**: Everyone to buy better phones so we can have an Exec meeting in GoogleTalk.

### SVN Problems:

  - If people have a problem, contact us.  
    **Action**: Fyorl to send out e-mail about SVN.

### Increasing Codd Quota:

  - Most don’t use all the space
  - Maybe decrease cost/increase default amount.
  - Zed0 thinks the current system is fine, everyone agrees.
  - We don’t want to tempt anyone to buy all of Codd.
  - Not an investment that will last.

### Music server:

  - Fyorl is making progress.
  - Needs to be an Android plugin for the Music Server.
  - Needs to be connected to the internet, so Paris can troll.
  - Fyorl is putting up/down votes on.
  - The Anime all-nighter should have these.
  - 5 minutes into every episode, everyone will get bored and down vote everything.
  - The music server should Tweet everything; ‘Songs, logins, user mouse locations…’ - Connorhd

### Misc:

  - ‘Mulletron should grow a bread to the floor.’ -Viruk.
  - We should buy cakes with the money for the speed ProgComp.
  - Sinjo has lightsaber app on his phone.
  - ‘Worst use of technology ever.’
