+++
title = "Minutes 14/5/2010"
date = "2010-05-14"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-1452010-1474488909766/"
+++

## Present:

MrWilson, TeamDoherty, Connorhd, Sinjo, Cranman, Dirtus, SigmaD, Firefly

## Minutes:

### Bloomberg:

  - One person is needed to do the presentation and another person can assist.
  - Takes place on Tuesday 25th May.
  - There is no provided transport, we should e-mail Bloomberg asking if the cost of transport can be covered.
  - The presentation needs to be about what the society would do, how we would benefit.
  - MrWilson will do the presentation.
  - The presentation can be written in Google Docs, so all exec can have input.  
    **Action**: MrWilson to e-mail Bloomberg asking if they can pay for transport.

### Games focus testing:

  - The original e-mail was received quite a while ago.
  - If we are going to do anything, needs to be ASAP.  
    **Action**: TeamDoherty to send an e-mail to sort this out. (After exec meeting)

### Action Follow-up:

  - Connorhd has not finished marking the ProgComp.
  - Cranman received the e-mail from Azurit and the Xbox 360 hard drive has been ordered by Cranman for gaming.
  - MrWilson recalls Azurit saying he was going with Agaeki to buy an Xbox 360 hard drive.
  - “BRB” - MrWilson.
  - The majority of the exec now attempts to get in touch with Azurit/Agaeki to prevent the hard drive being bought.
  - “DOS, DOS.” - Sinjo.
  - Crisis was averted.

<!-- end list -->

  - We now have network cables colour coded by length.
  - The stuff for the servers was bought and the servers have been updated.

### Game Tournaments:

  - “I’ve had a think about it.” - TeamDoherty
  - “Great, because that was all you were required to do.” - SigmaD
  - “Fucking Sorted.” - Sinjo
  - TeamDoherty is thinking about running tournaments, maybe Pokemon or another SF4 tournament.

### Steam:

  - Agaeki has not yet managed to get the new steam working under Wine on the DCS machines.

### The Cupboard:

  - We have new boxes for the cupboard.
  - MrWilson’s verdict on the boxes: “Really neat.”
  - Roger has been asked to look for an extra shelf, which we now have room for.

### Clothing:

  - The current plan is still ordering clothes from the website on an individual basis.
  - The main cost is the digitising of the logo (£35), which the society should do.  
    **Action**: MrWilson to organise the digitising of the logo.

### LAN:

  - Fyorl needs to speak to Roger about the trolley.
  - As Fyorl can’t be bothered to revise, it is likely the new music server will be finished for the week 5 LAN.
  - In the future, CompSoc should tell Warwick Game Design(and AnimeSoc) when the LANs are at the start of the year to avoid event clashes.

### Newsletter:

  - Needs to mention LAN sign-ups in week 5 and the BFL.
  - Also needs to mention the beast pizza order.

### Events:

  - “Paint-ball seems to have sorted itself out miraculously”-Dirtus
  - Currently, Dirtus plans to have the CompSoc barbecue on the Sunday before BFL and the ‘fun thing’ on the Saturday.(Possibly Go-carting)
  - SigmaD and MrWilson will be having fun in the Combinatorial Optimisation Exam on the Saturday.

### Academic Talks:

  - Would consist of members of the society doing talks.
  - We can e-mail the DCS reception to have the talks advertised in the DCS lobby.
  - The society should consider doing revision lectures/revision guides like the Mathematics Society, which are popular.  
    **Action**: MrWilson to decide if we put on academic talks this term and when.

## MEANWHILE, ON IRC:

13:14:29 \< Fyorl\> oh cocks exec meeting at 2 isn’t it?  
13:14:33 \<`monk> it's at 1
13:14:37 < Fyorl> lol
13:14:40 <`monk\> :P  
13:14:44 \< Fyorl\> nevermind then  
13:16:22 \< Fyorl\> at least I can have breakfast now
