+++
title = "CompSoc Minutes 13/05/2005"
date = "2005-05-13"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/compsoc-minutes-13052005-1474488889740/"
+++

### CompSoc Minutes 13/05/2005

#### Exec In Attendance

  - Sadiq Jaffer
  - Ian Norris
  - Adam Miles
  - Chloe Dives
  - Phil Stoneman
  - Paul Broadbridge
  - Tim Retout

#### LAN

With some reflection on last week’s LAN, the following points are mentioned:

If you turn up early (before 8pm), put your PC to one side and help setup.

  - If you aren’t coming to help setup, do not arrive until 8pm.
  - Techteam will have a pre-LAN meeting to discuss network/power layout to alleviate problems (caused by early arrivals) at the last LAN.

After all the debate of the Exec meeting from \~ 2 weeks ago about World of Warcraft, it appears it wasn’t a massive problem. A few disgruntled attendees felt WoW did dominate too much, but the general concensus was that it was ok. New and different tournaments for the BFL should make sure WoW isn’t a problem at the next LAN. Paul (NeXuS7) attributes low WoW playage to the fact a lot of people are lvl60 and have “finished”.

#### Tournaments

The Trackmania tournament went well with around 16-17 people participating, Robo won.

#### Projector

The use of a projector at the BFL is discussed with these points being raised:

  - It could be used for semi-finals / finals of tournaments to make them more a spectacle.
  - Power needs to be looked into incase it requires the power of a small third-world nation.
  - LIB2 doesn’t have a screen to project onto, so with good notice, Pete should be able to get one.

#### BFL Signups

After some discussion about when signups should open for members, non-members etc, the following was decided.

  - Members signups will open 3 weeks prior to the BFL.
  - Guest signups will open 2 weeks prior to the BFL.
  - Phone numbers field to be added to signups so if people don’t turn up, they can be contacted and reserves can be notified.

#### Music Server

After an /interesting/ discussion about Perl, it’s decided the Music Server may get a rewrite courtesy of Pete in the near future, work dependent.

#### Next Year

Again, after much discussion the following list of events was provisionally decided on:

  - IBM Sponsored Codathon - 1st Term, Mid-End
  - Programming Comp. - 2nd Term, Over Christmas
  - IBM Hursley - 1st Term, Wednesday Week 8
  - Bletchley Park - 1st Term, Week 2

#### Lectures

  - C Tutorial - TBC, Ian (icStatic) to talk to CT Li
  - Perl Tutorial - 2nd Term, Weeks 2,3,4 , TBC Before end of term for timetabling purposes.
  - Python Tutorial - 1st Term, Weeks, 6,7,8

#### Group Software Development

Also discussed is the idea of GSD tutorials in things such as:

  - UML with Revision Control
  - LaTeX
  - Swing
  - CVS/SVN

It’s mentioned that UML may clash with an existing course run by DCS. No dates were set for any of the above, with more to be decided in the future.

#### Guest Lectures

The plan is to have 6 guest lectures in total:

  - Steve Jarvis / Steve Matthews
  - IBM / Microsoft (3)
  - Dr Solomon

#### Socials

The first “social” of next year where we welcome the freshers will be helf on Thursday Week 3 with a room to be booked as soon as room bookings allow it (term 1).

A list was drawn up of events that could/will be happening next year:

  - Paintballing
  - Laserquest
  - Karting
  - Christmas Meal - Week 10 Term 1
  - Alton Towers - Early Term 1 ?
  - Ice Skating
  - Bingo
  - Gameshows
  - Bowling/Meal

The plan is also to setup a socials mailing list separate to members@.

#### Newsletter

To be included in the next newsletter will be:

  - Week 10 Paintballing Trip
  - “What’s coming up” soon in Compsoc
  - BBQ

#### Compsoc Clothing

After Si1entDave’s last exam he will draw up some Clothing related material/forms so people can (quickly) signup for what they want.

#### Piazza Welcome-Pack Leaflet

Nexus (Paul) is to upload the leaflet, and Sadiq will talk to piazza about making sure it’s in next year’s pack.
