+++
title = "Minutes - 2003-10-18"
date = "2003-10-18"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-2003-10-18-1474488880295/"
+++

### CompSoc Exec Minutes

#### Present

  - Chris Boyle
  - Richard Wilson
  - Christian Bates
  - Phil Stoneman
  - David Buckley
  - Euan MacGregor

#### Servers

This week, we have been plagued by further issues with reliability, all of which have been unrelated to Molotov itself: ITS are migrating to a layer 3 network as well as to a gigabit connection, which has caused a few problems.

As mentioned in previous minutes, there are plans afoot for a new server:

  - Molotov becomes the shell server and also hosting other websites
  - The new server will be used for hosting the “core” services (mail, DNS, IRC, the CompSoc website). If Molotov falls over, the non-CompSoc society websites should be available from this server in some useful form.
  - Insomnia remains for games.
  - Bong (the LAN server) will be upgraded and becomes a file server and additional services fallback when it isn’t used for LANs.

#### Tutorials

Next tutorial is the command line tutorial in week six. No progress on the Starcraft tutorial. The desktop tutorial last week went well apart from the lack of an audience.

#### This LAN

Non-exec people won’t be permitted to arrive at the LAN until 8pm. We have permission to “borrow” power from the downstairs room. Phil has mailed WarwickPiazza about being able to use the net connection.

#### Next LAN

The LIBn rooms have been booked for week eight by other people, so we have the option of booking the “old” LAN room  (B21\[34\])  as Security don’t want the engineering rooms open overnight.

#### DCS

Phil and Sadiq spoke to Mike Joy about various things, including the command line and Perl tutorials getting server space, gaming sessions in DCS and the old Sun machines. Phil has mailed Rodger Packward about gaming and the old Sun machines.

#### Finances

We have yet to receive any money from the Union for memberships. Phil will need reimbursement for membership cards, and we should buy some games. A UPS would be nice, but we’ll wait until we get a better idea of the budget.

#### OSP

The main contributors to the existing projects are no longer with us, so the projects are somewhat stagnant. We’ll be holding a meeting to determine interest in holding an OSP this year. From discussion, we came up with three ideas: the current LUG OSP (a Java client for Henry’s music server), Space Racer 3D and a question database as a revision/study aid.

#### LUG

Chris has mailed (and got a response from) Jason Clifford (runs the UKFSN ISP) about a talk. UML hosting for troubleshooting tutorials was also discussed. Installfest posters have been put around campus.
