+++
title = "CompSoc Minutes - 2004/06/18"
date = "2004-06-18"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/compsoc-minutes-20040618-1474488886350/"
+++

### CompSoc Minutes - 2004/06/18

#### In attendence

  - David Buckley
  - Chris Boyle
  - Richard Wilson
  - John Smith
  - Michelle Dâ€™israeli
  - Timothy Troy
  - Andrew Sully
  - Euan Maggreggor

#### LAN

The Port Patch request has been sent with reply to techteam@warwickcompsoc.co.uk

Richard Wilson and Chris Boyle were tasked to check the firewall scripts on bong; tt was agreed that the techteam woud review the policy on intenet access.

The exec formally agreed that the issue of music in the LAN rooms would be put to a vote on a per room basis. Concern over the electrical power ratings of the rooms was voiced given the disparity between the numbers of people wanting to be in each room that this will cause an issue. Richarfd Wilson and the technical team are to work this out on the day. It was stated at this point that their decisions would be final.

Maximum Weasels request  
Peter Ellis had already dealt with it saying that he could put Weasel down as a reserve, which was declined.

#### BBQ

The necessary equipment was verified to have been organised and it detailed below:

  - The BBQ, from David Buckley
  - HOG are providing paper plates and utensils (NOT the society)
  - E-mail reminder that members bring their own food.
  - We need to find a map, Nexus
  - Probably also one from PlanarPlatypus, alowing a seperate one for veggie
  - PP to get other BBQ and a small table for veggie. The exec as a whole noted that this was not setting a precedent for future BBQ events and was simply good fortune for this one. We need to ensure we have a fire extinguisher, alternative arrangements can be made if Nexus failed to get one.
  - Safety equipment
  - First Aid kit from Richard Wilson
  - Extinguisher from Paul Broadbridge
  - Small backup extinguishers from Peter Ellis and Richard Wilson

#### Tech stuff

##### Wiki

Chris Boyle is to continue fixing the bugs/missing features in the wiki.

##### Servers

Insomnia will have extended downtime over the summer due to needing to be fixed. The rootusers taking over from Richard Wilson due to him being in Wales IRC server is moving to TOV3.

#### Last meeting next week

It was decided that the last meeting would be this week not next week but there would be a brief meeting to assign jobs over the summer.

#### Holiday contact details

People to E-mail Peter Ellis with an E-mail address and a mobile phone number for contact over holiday

#### AOB

Michelle: Steve Jarvis is plugging us in the CS118 guide. Single A4 page allocated to us. Steve jarvis judging progamming competition.

Timothy Troy requested that this terms finance stuff be given to him by to him by Sunday. Richard Wilson requested that Timothy troy send him the inventory and a sample invoice sheet.

David Buckley was reminded about the new website.

Richard Wilson stated that he is relying on people to do work over the summer as he will not be present.

Timothy troy stated that the finance cards are sorted.

Michelle was assigned to sort out revision guides.

Meeting ajourned
