+++
title = "Newsletter for 16 October 2008"
date = "2008-10-16"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Newsletter"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/newsletter-for-16-october-2008-1474488904685/"
+++

Welcome to Warwick and to what is the first compsoc newsletter, going out  
in week 3, easily demonstrating the ruthless effienciency of your beloved  
exec.

We'd like to welcome in particular the new freshers who have joined our  
ranks and encourage you guys to take part in as many of our activities as  
possible be they gaming, academic or just plain socials.

Probably the most important event for this week is the fresher's social  
which is going to be happening from 3:30-6:00 this Saturday in SO.28. Just  
drop in whenever you feel like to meet the exec, have some snackies and  
see what goes on in the bowels of Compsoc whether it be gaming or  
academically focused. Hopefully we won't scare you too much.

\--- Timetable ------------------------------

This week:

- Friday, 20:00, DCS, Gaming Session, Pre-Gaming social beforehand in  
Rootes Bar.

\-Saturday, 18th, 15:30, Fresher's Social, SO.28 (Social Studies, Ground  
Floor)

- Monday 20th, 19:00, Phantom Coach, Pub Social, A group is likely to meet  
up at DCS around 18:30 for those who want an armed escort with battle  
bears.

\-Wednesday 22nd, 18:30, AO.23 (Accounting) WugLug meeting.

(Please see: http://www.uwcs.co.uk/society/events/all for updated list)

\-- Notices -------------------------------------------

\-Lan signups starting this Friday for Freshers, this Sunday for all other  
members, be there and be square. That's the 17th and 19th of October for  
those who like dates.

\-Signups for the Compsoc Clothing Order start this Friday for those who  
want to be really cool and have a customised hoodie, fleece or t-shirt in  
their name.

\--- Phantom Coach Pub Social ------------

The Social (Monday) starts at 19:00 at the Phantom Coach on the A45.

\---------------------------------------------------------

That's all from us for this week, attend as many events as you can and  
good things will happen in the form of flying invisible intangible  
cookies.

Raj Zal Shukla aka Natural 20

Socials Officer  
Undergraduate Economics Student  
University of Warwick

