+++
title = "Exec Minutes - 19th February 2009"
date = "2009-02-26"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/exec-minutes-19th-february-2009-1474488905601/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

### Present

Matthew Alves (Mogmiester)  
Nathan Wong (Estel)  
Chris Sinjakli (Sinjo)  
Claire Thomas (pepper)  
Tomas Pilar (Azurit)  
Connor Dunn (Connorhd)  
Tim Monks (monk)  
Rebecca Chui (Trip)  
Ken Teh (Ken)  
William Harris (Dirtus)  
Thomas Blake (Twinklefeet)  
Michael Tandy (alskdj)

## Mailman moderation

The new exec needed mailman administrator and moderator passwords.  
Action: Monk needs to reset the passwords, and Sinjo needs to change  
it so that the whole exec can see notifications on exec, discuss and  
announce mailing lists.

## IEEE fun

It was noted that we should not form an IEEE student branch, but  
rather help DCS if they wish to form one.

Action: Connorhd to get jiggy with Roland Wilson, and ask about DCS  
forming a student branch.

## Warwick Real Time Strategy Society

Warwick RTS should be messaged, and ask if they cannot use our resources.

Action: Mogmiester to message RTS soc and ask for a meeting with  
Azurit and Estel.

## Equipment loan for Game Design Society

Cables and what not for Warwick Games Design were sorted by Connorhd.  
We also need cable covers, however.

Action: Monk to buy cable covers and related things.

## Arranging new gaming contact for next year

Due to Hammad and Mulletron leaving next year, we need to ensure we can  
still run the gaming even and have someone with access to the Compsoc  
guest account.

The meeting between Azurit, Connorhd and Roger has not gone ahead  
yet, as they are still waiting for Roger to suggest a time. From what  
we have heard from Hammad, Roger is fine to have Connor and Sinjo as  
contacts for this, but nobody outside of the department.

## Cupboard Key handover

The keys for the new cupboard have been given to Sinjo by Monk. Monk has  
also given the original to Hammad to give back to Roger.

## Projector Purchase

Twinklefeet, the animesoc president, is happy to sell us the  
projector. He will get to the exec of compsoc when he knows how much  
for and when. However, it is possible that it is in Hammad’s or  
Mulletron’s office.

Action: Monk to find the bloody projector.

## Budget

We remembered that budgets have to happen soon.

Action: Monk to make a budget draft for sometime this weekend

## Techteam Organisation

There are a large number of people interested in doing tech stuff this  
year. Monk, Connor and Sinjo all agreed we should have a techteam meeting  
ASAP and advertise this to the members, in order to organise what priveleges  
and jobs people should be assigned.

Action: Connor, Monk and Sinjo to arrange a time for the techteam meeting,  
and email an announce to the members.

And then there was Cake :D
