+++
title = "Exec Minutes - 7th May"
date = "2009-05-07"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/exec-minutes-7th-may-1474488906305/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

# Present

Dirtus, Trip, Estel, bakaidiot\_, Demo, pepper, connorhd, Twinklefeet, sadiq, Sinjo, monk, Mogmiester, dangerman

# Apologies

Azurit

# Minutes

## IBM sponsorship

Following on from a meeting earlier in the week, IBM have agreed to again sponsor us, with the details to be decided at a later date. A trip to Hursley is being planned for term 2 of next year which ought to be funded in large part by them. It’s possible that a trip to IBM Warwick would be possible for those people that could not make the former trip.

## Cleaning up after gaming

Binbags should be provided at gaming. Action: Azurit or Estel to purchase bin bags to excess and have them placed in the cupboard.

## KOEI event

Sinjo reported that the KOEI event for week 10 of the term has been sorted, with final details being left to Animesoc.

## Exec biographies

Biographies have been done.  
Action: Mogmiester to chase up those that have not made a page yet

## Inter-compsoc gaming

Estel reported that he has talked to some other compsocs with respect to inter-University gaming activities: but there has not been much interest. Action: He should come up with a list of awesome ideas for things to do that can be placed to the other Universities, preferably with dates such that there’s no bickering.

## DCS alumni event

The DCS alumni event is going on. Action: Connor to see if DCS have anything in particular that they think we can contribute to it.

## BBQ

The end of term BBQ was discussed: site 2 has not been booked yet, but it was decided that we should instead book the site on the big field behind JM; Connor volunteered to discover the relevant site number.

## LAN stuff

Preparations for LAN were discussed. Action: Estel to contact estates to check that the climate control was set appropiately. After much discussion, a temperature of 18 degrees was decided upon.

## Projector

Monk reported that the SU said inter-society money transfers were fine; said he was waiting for Animesoc to write out an invoice before money transfer for the projector was finalised.

## WUGLUG

The future of the LUG was discussed. Action: Monk to come up with a suggested list of LUG activities to be arranged for next term in order that it can be more active for the new year.

## Colo server

Future colocation of a server was discussed.  
Action: monk and sinjo to look into the costings for this.
