+++
title = "Minutes 16-02-2012"
date = "2012-02-19"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-16-02-2012-1474488914326/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

## Present:

MrWilson, Cranman, TeamDoherty, zed0, MikeCobra, Goshawk, Moltenfire, James, Ruth, agaeki, SigmaD

## Minutes

### Compsoc constitution

  - The legendary Compsoc constitution has been found and it was passed around in all its photocopied glory for all to witness.

### Sci-fi society room request

  - Permission has been granted for sci-fi society to use Lib1 on Wednesday of BFL from approximately 2-7pm.
  - Popular suggestions included “stamping biscuits in the floor” and “removing all tables and chairs” before giving them the room. However, these were ultimately rejected.
  - The state of the room will be checked afterwards to ensure we are not blame for any possible misconduct.

### Progcomps

  - Prizes and suggestions for the competitions were discussed.

### Bletchley Park

  - The paperwork has been completed and it has been decided the currently planned date will be used despite the timing during summer term.
  - One minibus and possibly one people carrier will transport people there and back.
  - The trip will be visiting the gift shop and packed lunches will be brought. Mr Wilson would love a packed lunch, unfortunately it seems like he will have to make his own.

### Recycling at LANs

  - The issue of grease stopping the pizza boxes from being recycled was brought up.
  - More bins will be bought so recycling can be organized. Moltenfire will be in charge of this.
  - ”Are you in charge of buying bins?” “Yes, I have a collection.”

### Gaming ideas

  - Defcon to be tried out as a possible new game.
  - Due to the awkward times for watching SC2, the revolutionary idea of Teacraft was created.
  - An email will be sent out to gauge interest in a SC2 tournament, with the finals possibly at BFL.

### New servers

  - Goggins and jess will be replaced in the upcoming weeks, with the server companies to be decided on.
  - Private GIT will be implemented for Compsoc members.
  - The problems with backus cannot be diagnosed, P2P will be implemented at gaming to increase download speeds.

### Facebook Group

  - zed0 is to resurrect the facebook group and to look at implementing automatic updates from the UWCS website.

### New consoles and their use

  - One Kinect, Wiis, controllers and a new Rock Band drum pedal will be bought for gaming.
  - Permission was granted for Warwick Game Design society to use our gaming equipment as long as Mike is present.

### Music server upgrades

  - MrWilson will be adding a number of features to the music server to improve LANs.

### The resurrection of XING

  - A popular idea was to start “brown bag” talks-a short talk each week introducing members to a new topic.
