+++
title = "Minutes"
date = "2012-04-23"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-1474488914731/"
+++

Minutes - with guest Secretary MrWilson

## Present:

Dirtus, Cranman, Agaeki, Moltenfire, MikeCobra, Murtag, zed0, ruth, MrWilson, James

## Minutes

  - James and MrWilson have had haircuts.
  - James baked some bread and showed us pictures. The exec were in awe.
  - James doesn’t want to drive a train when he’s older

### The Durham Situation

  - Some kind of collaborative programming competition
  - What? Irc bots, programming language design, game AI (defcon was mentioned).
  - How? Communication through IRC, source sharing through github.  
    **ACTION**: Ruth to speak to Durham\_Guy

### Bletchley

  - Everything seems to be going according to plan.
  - Provisional charge of £3 per person.  
    **ACTION**: zed0 to send e-mail nownow  
    **ACTION**: zed0 to advertise Bletchley Trip in DCS

### Starcraft

  - Advertisement: Free stuff from companies was suggested
  - \< agaeki\> Apart from blizzard
  - Varying amounts of money spent on top prizes (£50,£25,£15,£10 was suggested)
  - Registration event in DCS at gaming, marketed as a “Launch Event” in which Starcraft is played.  
    **ACTION**: Ruth to send out e-mails  
    **ACTION**: zed0 to make posters.

### MONEY MONEY MONEY (The Budget)

  - Pretty much the same as last year.
  - Events: 6 LANs, 1 IBM Trip, 1 Bletchley Trip, some amount of progcomps.
  - Buying cool prize support for the tournaments - Starcraft, UkraineComp, etc.
  - James’ Raspberry Pi was in danger of being delivered on schedule, so has been set back another three weeks.  
    **ACTION**: Ruth to chase up IBM for sponsorship details
  - JP Morgan wants their name on an event of some kind.

### Intermission

  - Something about Pacman, I don’t know.

### Inventory

**ACTION**: James to do inventory of Dijkstra\_Cupboard and Backus\_Cupboard on 24/04/2012 at 5pm.

### Grant Request

  - \< Moltenfire\> “I can put in a request for money. We have over £4000, can we have £500 please?”

### IBM Things

  - Summer progcomp: IBM are all like “No shiny prizes, but we’re cool to be involved.”
  - Potential launch at BFL
  - IBM’s Get Hired event tentatively scheduled for Week 8 of Term 1.  
    **ACTION**: Ruth to speak to Yvonne

### Unruly Event

  - Friday, Week 4, Room not booked yet.
  - Post event meal in the Duck, followed by Gaming/XING
  - Advertising:  
    **ACTION**: Someone to speak to reception about putting it on the Boards  
    **ACTION**: Someone to speak to Jackie Pinks about spamming the undergrad mailinglist.

### LAN

  - Week 2
  - Exec to fill out Rota  
    **ACTION**: Someone to speak to Roger about trolley

### Other Business

  - No Barcrafts this term, due to exams
  - Possibility of screening events during ExamLAN in Lib 1.
