+++
title = "Minutes 18-06-2012"
date = "2012-06-18"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-18-06-2012-1474488915130/"
+++

## Present:

MrWilson, zed0, Ruth, Dirtus, James, MikeCobra, Moltenfire, Murtag

## Minutes

### End of term BBQ

**ACTION**: zed0 to send email.

### Sponsorship

  - Redgate: Can’t have branding on website, could give out stuff at Freshers fair.
  - Sky: Asked for price list (menu)  
    **ACTION**: Ruth to reply to Redgate  
    **ACTION**: Ruth to create price list and email Sky.

### Lans

  - Need to book rooms for next years Lans.
  - Roughly weeks 3 and 8.
  - Book the rooms with 2 hours before and after lan as leeway.  
    **ACTION**: Goshawk to book rooms.

### BFL

  - Exec to sign up on the rota.
  - MrWilson is going to deploy the new music server.

### Starcraft

  - Finals to be held at 16:00 on Wednesday.
  - Player without computers at Lan can borrow a PC to play games.

### Super Smash Bros.

  - Interest in setting up another SSB tournament at BFL.
  - Don’t run on the same day as Starcraft.  
    **ACTION**: MikeCobra to set up tournament.
