+++
title = "Week 1 Term 1 Exec Meeting Minutes"
date = "2021-10-06T10:15:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/week-1-term-1-exec-meeting-minutes/"
+++

<p>Welcome to the start of term and the start of severe sleep deprivation. Here are the minutes from our meeting yesterday.</p>

<!-- more -->

Present: Josh, Keegan, John, Ella

Apologies: Leo, Scott, Skiros



***

  - Definitely a normal start to a meeting. Was definitely clear when we started...

#### **Welcome Week**

  - Had a few mess ups with streaming during Welcome Week
  - Some issues with people not being able to access Teams.
  - Upload streams to YouTube as a result so more accessible
  - As a whole, the livestream set up is now working for future use
  - Pride stickers were very popular
  - Geese were also very popular

#### **Friday Night Gaming (should this be within Welcome Week? idk)**

  - Had a big turn out for gaming. Estimate maybe 100
  - We did not order enough pizza. Was enough pizza for the amount of people we had at the time, but not by the time the pizza arrived
  - Things to consider purchasing:
      - 2nd Switch
      - Xbox Series X
      - PS5
  - Look at doing more games. Maybe Jackbox for example
  - Skiros (and Josh?) to try and sort out a sign in sign out system for gaming for covid purposes. Aim to have something sorted by end of this coming week
  - Steam issues caused much pain.

#### **Term 1 events**

  - Fairly good turn out. Maybe 10 people
  - John abandoned Keegan which was rude. Keegan seemed hurt
  - Someone mentioned the sending out of the newsletter reminded them that pub existed
      - Side note: layout for newsletter on mobile a little broken
  - Send a ping out for pub a bit earlier than 3:30 on the day
  - Lightning talks to be organised by Keegan. Currently ⅔ talks sorted
  - Was found from previous lightning talks that Karaoke talks confused some people. They didn’t seem to understand the purpose of them
  - Won’t do a karaoke talk in week 2 but might in week 7
  - Consider having a hybrid for lightning talks. Hopeful it can be in person but unlikely. Having a mix of some watching online and some watching in person might be good?
  - The talks could be run online, but we book out a room if anyone wants to do a watch party for it. Put discord on the screen
  - LANs are in weeks 4 and 7. We need a better name for the week 4 LAN than Jack’o’LAN
  - Can’t really talk about LAN since Skiros isn’t here
  - Want to ask Tanski about setting up events
  - Used to charge £5 for non members at LAN?

#### **AOB**

  - Merch will happen at some point
  - Josh is dying with workload
  - Need more flyers
  - Get an exec without portfolio for secretary role - WE NEED HELP
  - Update website
  - Maybe have a resources channel in discord?



***

#### **Key quotes:**

  - “Deploy it and hope for the best” - Josh
  - “No such thing as too much pizza while you are in your early 20s, but once you reach 25 there is too much pizza” - John
  - “Please don’t remind us of our mortality” - Keegan

