+++
title = "Term 2 Week 6 Exec Meeting Minutes"
date = "2022-02-18T13:00:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/term-2-week-6-exec-meeting-minutes/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

<p data-block-key="y8w7i">We were long overdue a meeting - lots of things to discuss, from socials to the AGM. Here are the minutes...</p>

<!-- more -->

Present: Josh, Harry, Ella, Thomas, John, Skiros, Keegan

Apologies:

Absent: Felix, Scott



***

### **WEEK 7 LAN:**

  - Name: ‘LAN with no name’. Seems good enough. We’re really creative.
  - Rota needs filling out ASAP.
  - Keegan will be running a quiz as usual, Saturday evening, will be putting out an appeal for quiz rounds soon.
  - John does not want to do an overnight shift if possible. Thomas, Ella, Skiros all happy to do one, but don’t want to be alone.

### **PROGCOMP DEBRIEF:**

  - Good attendance, approximately 45 across the event. Roughly ⅓ to ½ remained at the end, as some left for Circling around 7:00.
  - Very short-staffed - Keegan and John were effectively bouncing between groups the whole event providing help with the problems.
  - Lots of money was spent on pizza :)
  - Lots of technical difficulties, mainly to do with the marker as it was not tested beforehand.

### **MERCH ORDER:**

  - Sounds like Harry’s job…
  - Josh is not convinced we will be able to get this done in our time on the Exec (based on knowledge of other societies).
  - Might be worth asking MineSoc how they did their order, for guidance.
  - Should consider subsidising it, if we can.

### **SOCIALS:**

  - Bletchley Park:
      - 12 sign-ups so far.
      - Need to post this on socials. Ella has sent a message on the First Year group chat now.
  - Women + NB Social:
      - Ella is running a social this Sunday for people in the new group chat.
      - Venue: Leamington Tea Society.
  - Pub Crawl:
      - Week 8, the route is currently being planned.
      - Happening in Leamington like last time.
  - Handover Circle:
      - Something to discuss with the incoming Exec.
      - Would be nice to have Scott back for this.
  - Josh will try to run a Curiositea (or equivalent) social.

### **ACADEMIC EVENTS:**

  - Lightning Talks:
      - Currently have one proposed talk and one backup talk, so need 2 more ideally.
      - Thomas is interested in doing a Karaoke talk. Keegan is not sure they’re a great idea, as they often contain lots of in-jokes and aren’t as academic-based (and lightning talks are the societies main academic output).
  - Google Hashcode
  - 3D Printing Talk

### **AGM:**

  - Still running hybrid despite Storm Eunice. People are more than welcome to join online (Teams) if they don’t want to travel to campus.
  - Current Exec to begin writing Handover packs soon. Handover isn’t for a while so there is time, but better to make a start now.



***

### **KEY QUOTES:**

  - ‘I just woke up’ - Keegan, sounding half-asleep
  - ‘Keegan are you currently in the shower?’ - John, ‘No, the shower is running’ - Keegan

