+++
title = "Term 3 Week 2 Meeting Minutes"
date = "2022-05-06T18:37:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/meeting-minutes-22t3w2/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

<p data-block-key="zf7wi">Wait a minute, weren&#x27;t we supposed to have some public meetings at some point? Anyway, here&#x27;s some minutes.</p>

<!-- more -->

## Agenda

  - Week 3 Socials
      - BBQ
      - Wildcards BBQ
  - Gale Talk
  - TPP/Sponsor Pack
  - Merch
      - Postpone?
  - Tech Team Launch
  - Revision Sessions
  - Welcome Week
  - Someone annoy the SU about handover ?
  - WASD Reminder
  - AOB

## Attendance

  - Skiros, Kunal, Matt, Alia, Preya, Keegan, Owen, Andreea, Joey
  - (Very) Late: Felix, Brendan

## Merch

  - Meant to end Sunday
  - **Extend deadline another week**
  - Selling quite a lot
  - Programming Socks sold the most, then Stickers and Cards
      - Keegan asserts his correctness about programming socks
  - Advertise cheapness more (usually Â£25 for hoodies)
  - Particle t-shirts not sold many (they are expensive (but good, I have one))
  - Focus advertising
  - Will be buying more as prizes and giveaways (t-shirts esp)
      - And limited white t-shirts

## Talks

  - Gale talked delayed, no ETA so far
  - Lightning Talks need to contact more 3rd years (have some atm)

## BBQ

  - Form out, need to buy stuff
  - And wildcards ones - (Wildcards 22 people, standard \~15)
  - Need to buy food (Â£2-3pp maybe)
  - Could follow with pub/circle
      - But probably not, delay circle

## Sponsorship

  - Nothing back from TPP so far
      - @Joey will continue to annoy them
  - Remaking sponsor pack (hasnâ€™t been updated in a couple of years)
      - Maybe have a gaming sponsor pack??
      - Esports has many of the gaming ones already
          - ROG specifically is missing
  - Oaks sponsorship replied
      - Meeting with them soonish - trying to get more than just space from them

## Revision Sessions

  - CS262 on Saturday MB0.08 - will be announced today
  - CS126 DIS
      - Absolutely a mess, definitely needs a session.
      - Exam 10th June
      - Revision Session 8th (FP Exam on 7th)
  - Maths for CS 2
      - Exam 31st May
      - session 21/23?
  - Maybe AI (exam 1st) or Formal (exam 16th) for 2nd yrs
  - ES191 Electrical Circuits
      - Exam 26th
      - Session 23rd

## SU Handover

  - Has been in some communication about?
      - Has been looked over by SU
  - Actually might not happen for a while
      - SU person who is supposed to do it doesnâ€™t know how ðŸ¤£

## Welcome Week

  - Need to do in 2 weeks
  - Update video
  - Join maths and co. BBQ
  - Git Good and Linux 101 scheduled by dept already
      - Confirming when with dept
  - Need to schedule:
      - FNG
      - Wildcards event thing
      - Pub after Git Good (Wed, Phoach?)
          - Donâ€™t want to do late
  - Freshers LAN week 2 with Esports
  - Ask dept for UWCS propaganda in welcome packs - @Keegan Rimmington
  - Also do a circle w1

## WASD

  - Submission deadline is 2 weeks away
  - Need to send reminder ASAP
  - Contacted by UKSG comp for cross-promo

## Tech Team

  - Almost entirely a thing Felix rn, wait until is around :kekw:
  - Tech team launch means having a tech team meeting
  - Meeting 0 is deciding what tech team is
      - No real plan so far
  - Also advertises services (and get people to fix it)
  - Website hosting fixed soonTM
      - Various problems
      - We then absolutely need a new server to fix this, yes
  - Password manager needs fixing - shared Bitwarden account? or some OSS self-hosted
  - New servers, new servers, new servers

## WAI Collab

  - Intro to Python course
      - Merge all the Python courses
      - AI, Codesoc, Data science
  - Also coding nights

## FNG

  - Stuff to buy
  - Not much attendance last week
  - Fridayâ€™s in general are busy
  - Maybe move to another day
      - DCS might make weekdays more of a pain
      - Might just be because it used to run properly late
      - If weekday Tuesday/Thursday, Thursday preferred

## Publicity

  - Another round for merch delay (esp prices)
      - Prioritize ones that have sold the most
  - New posters (probably not redesigned much)
  - New leaflets (work started)
      - Get timetable for WW and some term 1 printed
  - Post for BBQ, CS262, Merch - @brendan

## To Buy

  - Camera
  - Monitors for LANs and gaming
  - Boxes for organization - esp rockband
  - New PSU for Big-O - fan has been rattling for a while
  - Few other bits for gaming

## Game Design Collab

  - Scratch game jam with Game Design went well
  - VR Talk with Game Design in W4

## Events

### This Term

  - Another circle, and sober social this term
      - A quiz (Duck or own)
      - End of Exams BBQ
  - Go-Karting - expensive af tho - subsidize maybe
  - Something else Wildcards, see after BBQ
      - Cyber wanted to do a wildcards collab â€” but havenâ€™t heard anything in a while
  - Airsoft June 11

### Later

  - Coventry CS soc collab?
      - Actually maybe they donâ€™t exist
      - Or Birmingham? (fancy website)
  - Coventry BCS maybe
  - Cyber collab?
  - Filmsoc collab maybe term 1 - was talking with, but schedule full now and Â£Â£ for film

