+++
title = "Term 3 Week 11 Meeting Minutes"
date = "2022-07-05T20:00:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/meeting-minutes-22t3w11/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

<p data-block-key="zf7wi">Wait a minute, weren&#x27;t we supposed to have some public meetings at some point? Anyway, here&#x27;s some minutes.</p>

<!-- more -->

# Agenda

## General

- Congrats on exams (hopefully you did well)
- WASD was fun
- Merch
    - Spares
    - another round in T1?
    - For publicity and prizes?
- We‚Äôve missed some meetings
- Unless necessary, we‚Äôll be holding smaller meetings throughout the summer with teams
- The yearly Discord restructure
    - rules channel needs updating
    - can we remove, condense or streamline anything?
    - move resources onto website, provide a single link

## Welcome Week

- Tuesday:
    - Welcome to the Computing Society Talk (1pm?)
    - 11-1: DCS Social
- Wednesday:
    - 3pm Git Good (Sam Coy)
    - Evening Pub
- Friday: FNG (w/ Pizza)
    - Want scheduled things going on here
- Thursday: Wildcards event
    - Do we know anything about this?
- Linux 101 Labs on Wednesday and Thursday - You will be paid
- STEM Social (?)
- Society‚Äôs Fair

## Academic

- Please give feedback on the RS118 stuff from Joey (thank you Joey)
- Git Good labs for T1W1 (again, thank you Joey)
- Need to discuss the types of academic events we‚Äôd want to run
- Lightning talks from students (2 per term)
- Hour-long talks from external speakers (ideally 2-3 per term)
- Cross-society Python course
    - Starting Week 1/2, lasting 5 or 6 sessions, will have supplementary material
    - Would anyone like to contribute? Should be 2 people total from the society
- Programming challenges (1 per term)

## Gaming

- Fresher LAN with Esports - pls contact them about this
- Changes to/equipment for FNG?
- Move to Thursday from Week 1 onwards?

## Social

- We need to hear your plans for Term 1
- How‚Äôs the sober vs non-sober ratio?
- What can we do at the Oaks? (is it literally just use of the kitchen)

## Tech

- Tech Team?
- What are the main plans for summer?
    - 3D Printer
    - Website
    - Discord bot(s)
    - GamingGet / DCSGet
- New Server (?)

## Treasurers

- Sponsorships secured, yay - Nettitude and The Oaks (both gold tier)
- $300 grant from Rust foundation
- Who have we reached out to? Status of other sponsors
- Can we wrangle back any sponsors from previous years?
- \[the part where we list off the names of a bunch of tech companies]

## Inclusivity

- How are things going? WhatsApp group membership, events
- Plans for Term 1? (ideally at least 2-3 socials)
- Do you need anything in particular?

## Publicity

- Thoughts about branding rework (separate meeting?)
- WhatsApp chat for the new year, targeted at freshers
- State of current social media (Instagram, Discord, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter)
- Event design templates (Academic, Lightning Talks, Pub, FNG) - on Figma pls
- Weekly Schedule template design
- Leaflet design
- Banner design

## Secretary

- Newsletter format change - put headers of events with hyperlinks to website pages that give more in-depth descriptions
    - Cuts down on the length of newsletters
    - Makes it easier to see everything without scrolling
    - Makes sure events are on the website

# WE NEED A TERM 1 TIMETABLE

## AOB?


***

# Attendance

Present: Andreea, Kunal, Laurence, Joey, Keegan, Owen, Skiros, Matt, Preya

Late: Adam, Jenny, Alex, Constantinos, Brendan, Alex

Apologies: Max, Alia, Adam

Absent: Ella

Mysteriously Vanished off the face of the Earth: Felix

I've probably forgotten someone


***

# Minutes

## General

- Everyone finished exams, yay
- WASD was good - stress and pain, but actually raised money ü•≥
- Merch
    - Most distributed
    - But some spares  - anyone know anyone who might want some?
    - another round in T1? - later in term, to allow freshers
    - lanyards for welcome week as publicity - tshirts as well possibly
- Missed some meetings over the last term, but exams so ü§∑‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è
- We‚Äôll be holding smaller more focused meetings throughout the summer with smaller groups
    - So we have more than 5 mins per issue
- **What are you personally hoping to achieve for next year? Put on Notion**
    - Needed to add Laurence to it lol
    - Organized by roles, please do use
- The yearly Discord restructure
    - rules channel needs updating
        - some rules are quite unnecessary (nothing illegal/against ToS is pretty implicit)
        - numbering is weird
    - can we remove, condense or streamline anything?
        - Combine role menus, very confusing split up
				- Recently added references between role menu channels, but still confusing
    - move resources onto website, provide a single link, instead of channel per resource

## Welcome Week

- Tuesday:
    - Welcome to the Computing Society Talk
        - Rip off last years slides, Keegan probably
        - Waiting for uni to alloc a time, hopefully will be something actually useful
    - 11-1: DCS Social
        - Want switches & stuff, and some exec to talk to freshers -- dept especially want inclusivity along
        - We don‚Äôt need to organize, just turn up
- Wednesday:
    - 3pm Git Good (Sam Coy)
        - Recheck Sam is still available, slides hardly need work
    - Evening Pub
        - At Phantom Coach, imagine the travesty of a trek for freshers
- Friday: FNG (w/ Pizza)
    - Want scheduled events happening within -- to drive engagement
    - Going to be a massive load of people, really need to prep
    - This and fresher LAN are our two main gaming recruitment oppurtunities
    - Have booking slots for VR
    - Get another headset? - Quest? otherwise we'd need new PC
    - Pepper Pizza instead of Papa Johns (cheaper, and think delivers to campus)
- Wildcards event
    - Skiros thinks BBQ - probably should go through uni paperwork this time
    - Dept said happy to finance -- chase up
- Linux 101 Labs on Wednesday and Thursday
    - Doesn‚Äôt really need updating, but needs to check -- change of desktop env
    - Joey desparately wants to replace Linux with GNU/Linux
				- And include a section on changing the desktop environment
    - Will be paid, poggers
- STEM Social (?)
    - A social to poke Bio/maths/stats soon
    - Maths WW BBQ last year was a mess -- free food in WW is likely to be very large
- Soc Fair Stand: 
		- No info/allocation yet - wait for info from SU
    - Mostly reuse materials from last year
    - Had some brainteasers like Towers of Hanoi -- bit divided whether we should have
    - Bring 3D Printer/hardware gadgety thing for some engagement
				- EngSoc had something like this last year, worked well

## Academic

- Please give feedback on the RS118 stuff from Joey
    - will run weeks 2 to 5 of term 1 
    - please test exec (#exec-priv > Beta Testing to check)
    - Joey particularly wants to make sure basic Rust bits aren‚Äôt overlooked
- Git Good labs for T1W1 (again, thank you Joey)
    - Follows on from talk
    - Joey has made a sheet, some further resources linked as well
- Need to discuss the types of academic events we‚Äôd want to run
    - But no academics here
- Lightning talks from students (2 per term)
- Hour-long talks from external speakers (ideally 3-4 per term)
- Cross-society Python course
    - AI had good one last year, CodeSoc had one
    - Re-built, but probably mostly from AI‚Äôs
    - Starting Week 1/2, lasting 5 or 6 sessions, will have supplementary material
    - Would anyone like to contribute? -- Keegan, Joey, Owen
    - Will be at same time as Rust, but Python is for beginners, Rust for experienced programmers, so not much clash
    - Lecture style thing, with exercises
    - Switch ‚Äúlecturer‚Äù - need to make sure are each fine
- Programming challenges 1 per term was good

## Gaming

- Fresher LAN with Esports - pls contact them about this
- Changes to/equipment for FNG?
    - BUY MONITORS
    - Nothing people particularly need - 1 ask for retro consoles - emu
    - Consider PS5 or XB
- Ideally move FNG to Thursday, but need to pass through DCS
    - Probably going to take a while, maybe mid-term

## Social

- Sober vs non-sober ratio aimed for 1:1, was more non-sober last term, partly because of covid cancellation
- Skiros actually email on time this time around for uni circles
- Ideas:
    - Restaurant crawl?
    - Ice skating trip
    - Wave -- absolutely
    - Circle at Oaks?
        - And make-your-own-Pizza?
        - Contractually needs one per term
    - Leam trip for freshers
        - Couple of pub trips there perhaps
        - Gets freshers to actually see Leam
    - Exec only social - some exec feel they don‚Äôt really know everyone yet
			- Early/before welcome week -- but some people unavailable then

## Tech

- Tech Team? - as usual noone actually knows: ask Felix who is not here
- What are the main plans for summer?
    - 3D Printer
				- Now with Keegan
        - Remove MMU?
    - Website - new website
        - Skiros planning to redo over summer
        - Get publicity somewhat involved
    - Discord bot(s)
        - Scheduled announcements nearly done
        - Probably should remove message logging - GDPR lol
        - Auto sync discord events to website - dpy 2.0
        - Owen working on a few other bits
    - GamingGet / DCSGet
        - Talk to John about whats happening with Rust rewrite
- New Server (?)
	- Happening soonTM
- Talk to Josh/John about continuing/handover

## Treasurers

- Nettitude and The Oaks Sponsorships (both gold tier)
    - Need to chase up Oaks contract
        - Try to get only advertise on Discord, instead of Insta stories as well
        - Fortnightly is a bit much really
    - And some money from Rust foundation - not a sponsorship
- If we want money from dept, need to ask for particular things, but they are happy to give
- Who have we reached out to? Status of other sponsors
    - Rejection from Jane Street, and kinda not from IBM
    - Ignored otherwise, Joey might try another round - from personal emails? as uwcs emails sometimes go to spam
- Can we wrangle back any sponsors from previous years?
    - Again ignored
    - TPP saga last year, probably not back again lol
- See if anyone can leverage their internship for a sponsorship

## Inclusivity

- Had a couple of events - 12 at BBQ (but cancelled first time)
- Quite a few people on whatsapp, but not particularly active - couple of other people/socs advertise on there occasionally
- Plans for Term 1? (ideally at least 2-3 socials)
    - Welcome Week BBQ
    - ???
- Maybe some WC leaflets when we are doing main ones anyway
- Need to be a bit careful with recruitment for it

## Publicity

- Only Andreea here, so will have another meeting for it soon
- Thoughts about branding rework (separate meeting?)
    - Didn‚Äôt want to clash with merch, but can probably change for new year
    - Probably a good idea to change, move towards dots instead of shield
    - Keegan: UWCS doesn‚Äôt have all that much meaning - separating UW and CS makes it understandable
        - Some sort of separator (colour like website or negative space)
- \[Brendan times his arrival far too perfectly]
- Could do WhatsApp chat for the new year, targeted at freshers
    - Maths have a freshers chat, worth doing for us as well
    - Next couple of weeks ideally
    - Want to drag to Discord eventually
- State of current social media (Insta, Discord, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter)
    - Insta going fairly well - want to grow followers, but good engagement from current
        - Push at freshers fair
        - Tshirt giveaway to new followers?
        - Q&A on insta at results for freshers
        - Advertise on personal insta?? or exec takeovers
    - Post about WASD and merch handover, and results day
    - For results day, get on posts and cross promos
    - Discord: try to cut down on Orange/Pink spam (exec/grads) somehow
    - Facebook: auto cross posting from Insta, but noone uses so no more needed
    - LinkedIn: WASD post? -- probably best kept for event retrospectives
    - Twitter: oh no, anyway
- Event design templates (Academic, Lightning Talks, Pub, FNG) - on Figma plz
    - Publicity needs to familiarize themselves with Figma
    - Insta post, insta story, Discord banners
- Graphics generally get posted as needed, but templates mean can be posted for anything
- Maybe move publicty GC to Discord
- Weekly Schedule template design
- Leaflet design - need sponsors on
- and Banners, some broken
- Website design pass changes?

## Secretary

- Newsletter format change 
		- Keegan suggests put headers of events with hyperlinks to website pages that give more in-depth descriptions
    - Cuts down on the length of newsletters
    - Makes it easier to see everything without scrolling
    - Makes sure events are on the website
		- Requires website to actually be used
- Get events up to date on website
- Leaflet printing
    - Don‚Äôt use solarprint
    - Needs to get into welcome packs - to Lea in mid-September
    - FilmSoc used helloprint

This meeting somehow took less than 2 hours, well done everyone
