+++
title = "Minutes - 31 May 2003"
date = "2003-05-31"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-31-may-2003-1474488879109/"
+++

### Compsoc Exec Minutes

#### Present

  - Richard Wilson
  - Chris Boyle
  - Phil Stoneman
  - Sadiq Jaffer
  - Christian Bates
  - David Buckley
  - Euan MacGregor

#### Money

NeXuS7 has been paid, now waiting for union finances to act.

#### Activity day

Next meeting: 6:30pm Wednesday.

#### Socials

Matrix Reloaded social happened, although wasn’t that publicised so not that many people turned up. Other social events’ arrangements haven’t changed.

##### Portsmouth visit

Phil could do the minibus driving.

#### Society description

DCS existing description is preferred over the existing description on the Union site. DCS booklet description doesn’t need much changing.

#### Room booking

Need to book rooms for various social events in the next year:

  - Saturday week two 2pm - 4pm for first social and then follow up with gaming.
  - Tuesday week one 6pm - 7pm for LUG firewall tutorial.
  - Wednesday week four 2pm - 3pm for LUG command line tutorial. (two rooms)
  - Wednesday week six 2pm - 3pm for LUG graphical tutorial.
  - Someday week four Afternoon for activity afternoon.
  - Sunday every week 8pm - 9pm for OSP meetings.

#### Open Source Project

Will probably need a new OSP in the next year as two of the main contributors will be leaving at the end of this term.

#### LANs

In the first term, we’re provisionally planning to hold them on end of week four and end of week eight.

#### LUG

Tutorial planning has moved forward slightly. OSP design was also fleshed out.

#### Servers

Phil has spoken to filmsoc about getting a backup DNS for when tov is being upgraded. Could move tov into DCS and then put the new LAN server in the Union. Tov provisional downtime Monday 9th June.

##### IRC

IRCd has been changed to “Unreal”, which has a larger feature set, no longer does reverse-DNS and has SSL built-in. Half-ops are problematic with some clients, and we have no real need for it so they’ll be removed. One controversial usermode now available is +I, which cloaks users to the point where they can join channels and be in channels without being detected until they say something. \#welcome is to be set up and the Java IRC client to be pointed to there instead.
