+++
title = "Minutes 2018-02-20 (Term 2 Week 7)"
date = "2018-02-20T14:35:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-2018-02-20/"
+++

<p>Our meeting minutes for our meeting on 2018-02-20</p>

<!-- more -->

**Present:** David I, David II, Sam, Elliot, Amelie, Ed, Callum, Rob, Adam

**Absent:** Everyone else. Obviously.

  

### LAN

- Do we have everything for LAN?

  - Need bin bags and Dettol.

- Possibly look into giving Discord swag to LAN attendees/competition winners.

- Possible tournaments include Wii Sports and BitBlaster XL.

- Why is LAN attendance decreasing?

  - End of term fatigue and workloads.

  - Bad signup system, look into getting this sorted by BFL.

  

### Handover

- This is somewhat redundant. Elliot and Adam are the only two that really have to do this.

- The rest of us will have deep, introspective meetings with ourselves.

###   
Gaming Officers

- Need to appoint some (and tell Silver when we do).

- Identified some candidates, we will approach in the short term.

  

### 3D Printer

- Not really been used much.

- Possibly host workshops about using it next term/during freshers' week next year.

  

### Discord

- Split \#announcements into \#announcements, \#social-announcements, \#lan-announcements

  

##### **Todo:**

Sam - Notify people about server downtime, next Friday 1-2pm.

  

##### **Quotes:**

David I - "This is the fable of how CompSoc enabled its cables."

