+++
title = "Minutes 2019-01-16"
date = "2019-01-18T11:17:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-2019-01-16/"
+++

<p>The minutes for our meeting on the 16th of January 2019.</p>

<!-- more -->

\- **Present** :: David I, David II, Sam, Dan, Amelie, Ed  

- **A Little Bit Late** :: Ryan

- **In Bicester** :: Toby

- **Absent** :: Rob

### WASD

- Have bought many things.

- Streaming PC has been upgraded with extra PCIe slots.

- Dijkstra is dead. Long live Kernigan.

- We can't think of a name for our new computer. Can someone with a surname beginning with O please become a famous computer scientist, preferably rather soon?

- We've been sent some swag for WASD.

  - SpecialEffect have sent some really nice stuff.

  - RoG have gone a bit quiet, trying to chase that up.

- Need to check status of Twitch front page.

- DCS don't have any lighting, we're going to ask Warwick AV.

- We have some more externals running at WASD. Alex Dixon has helped with communicating with some unis to get the word out.

- Stickers should arrive next week.

  

### LAN

- Should go ahead as planned.

- LAN is a bit quiet. We're not totally sure how to fix this.

- Need to rethink plans for next year and see how we make it more consistent.

  - The first LAN is extremely important and needs to be handled well.

- We're removing Table 3 this LAN and running the Vive instead.

  

### Socials

- We want to do a bit more than Pub and Pop\!

- Considering a "hat" theme for Week 7 Pop\!

- Real Ale is going to be sorted out this term, as will the end of term meal.

- David I proposed going to Jump In, the trampolining place in Leamington.

- The Room is week 5, and we're going to see that.

  - Need to work out how we do Gaming that week.

- Going to Creams in Leamington (or similar) may also be great.

  

### AOB

#### Publicity

- Tasteful video / good posters and things for next year need to be made.

- Could start filming things soon so that the next Exec have material to use.

  - At Gaming, LAN, etc. Need to obtain consent as per GDPR.

  

#### Treasurer

- Ed is stepping down as Treasurer due to workload. We're thankful for his service and wish him well.

  - Because he has done this with under 10 weeks remaining until the handover, we do not have to (per SU regulations) run an EGM to decide who our interim treasurer.

  - In fact, we can determine this with a simple vote at an Exec meeting.

  - Amelie was proposed as interim Treasurer, and a vote was held with 7 exec present.

  - The vote passed unanimously. Amelie will be our treasurer until the handover period.

  

##### **Quotes**

Amelie - "I don't know where Bismuth is."

