+++
title = "Minutes 2019-01-07"
date = "2019-01-07T14:04:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-2019-01-07/"
+++

<p>The minutes for our meeting on 2019-01-07<br/></p>

<!-- more -->

**- Present ::** David II, Sam, Amelie, Ryan, Dan, Rob, Toby, Ed  
\- **Late ::** David I, Karkeys  
\- **Absent ::** Everyone else, obviously.  
  

### WASD

- David I working with Sam Hine to deal with sponsors etc.  
\- Risk Assessment forms similar to LANs.  
\- Get more stickers.  
\- Jai is in charge of overlays.  
  

##### Audio and Visual Stuff

- We have many money. What do we want to spend on audiovisual stuff?  
  - General consensus is we should spend quite a bit - event accessible to outsiders so we want it to look good.  
  - We can hire equipment, cameras, light set, boom mics, DSLR for about £300, which is more than reasonable.  
  - Some equipment that would be good to get for the future. Upgrades to Kernigan, new capture card, and so on.  
    - Upgrades to Kernigan important to get more PCiE slots.  
    - Looking at AMD for new mobo.  
  - Looking probably to spend in the region of £1000 for the event. This is not a problem, as we also get equipment for the future, which could be very useful.  
  - Renting not worth it long time, on balance worth it this year though.  
\- DCS may also have some lights we can use.  
  

##### Sponsors

- Raffle prizes TBC.  
\- Sam Hine emailing RoG and OCUK to get them involved again. Went well last time, and RoG expressed interest in re-supporting the event.  
\- Consider contacting noblechairs.  
  

### Exec Elections and AGM

- We'll find out tomorrow when the Students Unon want us to hold the AGM.  
\- We want to gently encourage people to run for exec next year as soon as possible.  
\- At the moment we're looking at Week 7.  
\- We will provide free pizza for the AGM.  
  

### Events

- Our sponsors want to run events. Woop.  
  - LSEG want to run something as yet unspecified, nothing confirmed.  
  - TPP are hosting a pub quiz on the 18th of February, will replace our pub social that week.  
\- LANuary is in two weeks. It is superbly named.  
\- Tea++ will now be on Thursdays. How exciting.  
\- The Room is on during Week 5.  
\- Real Ale social on Thursday Week 6.  
  

##### **Quotes**

Toby - "We're charging them for us to pay them money?"  
  

##### **Todos**

- zed0: Message r/speedrun mods about sidebar.  
\- Sam: Organise AGM.  
\- Sam: Learn how to maths.  
\- Sam: Put up LAN rota.

