+++
title = "Meeting Notes 2019-05-28"
date = "2019-05-31T14:14:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/meeting-notes-2019-05-28/"
+++

<p>Notes from our meeting on the 28th of May<br/></p>

<!-- more -->

## Meeting Notes Term 3 Week 6 28/05/2019

  
In Attendance: Ryan, Sam, Amelie, David I, Jaesok, John, David II, Dan, Scott  
Late: Toby, Rolf the Campus Cat  
Absent: Rob  
  

### Tournaments

  - Sam talking with E-Sports representatives
  - \~Â£20 prize pools per tourney
  - Added to the LAN rota

  

### Summer LAN

  - Purchase Water Jars
  - Purchase sweets
  - Big Screen time being arranged
  - Tournament schedule advert being made
  - Discord Merch as prizes

  

### Misc.

  - WASD.uk possibly up for grabs, Sam monitoring
  - David developing warwick.gg further for general use by other societies, Toby has offered assistance
  - Changes to constitution due by week after next
  - Scott possibly running Circle at Kelsey's Week 7
      - Getting an estimate for numbers
  - PC peripherals to arrive next week
      - 2 headsets, audio mixer
  - Discord reorganisation
      - Self-assigned roles via Dyno
      - Gathering feedback before any changes are made

  

### End of Term Meal

  - Going to Farmhouse
  - Week 9 Friday

  

"ROLF\! Put him down\!" - David I

