+++
title = "Minutes 2019-04-24"
date = "2019-04-24T19:30:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-2019-04-24/"
+++

<p>The minutes for our meeting on the 24th of April</p>

<!-- more -->

## Meeting Notes Term 3 Week 1 24/06/2019

In Attendance: Sam, Ryan, David, Toby, Daniel, John

Late: Scott

Absent: Rob

### Summer LAN -

  -  two months away (precisely\! would ya look at that)
  - laptops to be provided.
      - David's house
      - 12 in total
  - gaming chairs not yet confirmed
  - coordination with e-sports exec to be done via discord
  - David to supply pictures for banners
  - signups open 3 weeks from now (12 noon, 15th of May)
  - advertise on big screen
  - flyering to be organised
  - Tournaments
      - Hearthstone
      - Overwatch (3v3, 1v1, ect.)
      - Random indie games (David II to host)
      - Super Tux Kart tournament?
      - ADVERTISE THESE PLS
  - Lib1
      - ensure exec coverage in both rooms
  - shared document to plan layout of rooms
  - communal gaming stuff -
      - terminals set up for gaming (jack box, ect.)
      - set up consoles too
      - tournament contestants should have priority for laptops
      - 10-15 beanbags in lib1
      - possibly collaborate with Tabletop?
  - music server
      - turn down the audio in general
      - David II's server to be used
  - record footage for advertisement

### Updating info -

  - create checklist to make exec handover easier
  - Warwick SU page should be updated
  - educate Ryan on warwick.gg backends
  - add Discord tags to about exec
  - small blurb from each exec member
  - exec to have names followed by roles

### DCS Storage issues -

  - fire safety officer has highlighted dangers of our current storage system
  - should remove equipment from top of storage lockers
  - currently storage space has been allocated to Warwick TECH
  - Krishna society have been using storage space without permission
      - Both we and the DCS have tried to communicate with them over this issue, with no response.
      - It is likely we will have to relocate their items as they are not communicating. (we will check with the DCS about this.)
  - Storage itself may be removed in the near future (keep in contact with DCS with this issue).

### Purchase new monitors -

  - possibly televisions too?
  - possibly borrow from DCS

### Socials -

  - avengers endgame is happening.
      -     people will be attending.
      -   they will be going by bus. probably.
  - TPP pub quiz
      -     7th of May
      -     advertise as soon as tickets are available
      -     cancel pub for that week
  - circling
      - bar fusion no longer confirmed
  - laser tag with Tabletop
      - date currently being decided in collaboration with Tabletop exec
      -     probably a Friday without compsci exams, definitely not week 10
  - go-karting? look into it

### Gaming -

  - pick up smash ultimate DLC. \\o/ \<(PERSONA\!)
  - equipment to be set up on demand
  - try to keep it quiet for the students studying
  - no stuff in the atrium

### WASD roadmap -

  - dedicated headsets x4 to be acquired
  - new mixer required
  - RetroTINK for retro consoles
  - acquire a good CRT
  - start advertising early, already in touch with discords
  - specify deadlines for progress

### AOB -

  - Emails to be supplied to David for redirection of exec mail.
  - Assign gaming officers
  - Find way to auto-approve Anna Preston's Facebook posts (internships adverts)
  - Get John access to the DCS
  - E-sports to run a LAN/expo week 8
      - may ask us for assistance, but details forthcoming

### To be discussed -

  - discord reorganisation using feedback from AGM

### Next term -

  - Microsoft collaboration
  - Find a stable time for weekly pub as soon as possible based on fresher's timetables

  

## Quotes

"i've got a pair of 'oobs' to give" - Ryan

"I was very anal" - David

