+++
title = "Meeting Notes 2019-05-09"
date = "2019-05-12T10:37:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/meeting-notes-2019-05-09/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

<p>The Minutes for our meeting on 9th of May 2019<br/></p>

<!-- more -->

## Meeting notes Term 3 Week 3 09/05/2019

In Attendace: Ryan, Sam, Toby, David I, David II, Dan, John, Amelie (briefly), Jaesok, Scott. With Special Guest, Jack (e-sports exec).

  

Late: Nobody

  

Absent: Rob  

### E-Fest -

  - New E-Sports event, more social than usual events
  - Wednesday 12th til Monday 17th
  - 100 hour live stream running concurrently with event
  - House of Gamers providing PCs (including for streaming)
  - Running tournaments, advertised externally
  - Pub Quiz, bingo possibly
  - May need to borrow UWCS equipment, such as consoles and networking gear
  - We've offered to help with setup

### Summer LAN

  - Hopefully we can run smaller tournaments
      - Shrek Super Slam is on the table
      - Random Indie Games
      - Fireside Gathering (Hearthstone)
  - Also run some more social games
      - Jackbox
      - board games in asociation with TAGAROPLE
  - Jack offered assistance from e-sports exec
      - Also offered to advertise on e-sports channels
      - Possible collaberation with vice-president for advertising, details forthcoming
  - Need to find water jars, have gone missing
  - Also provide some snacks

### Fireside Gathering -  

  - Probably happening on the end of week 5, in Curiositea
  - Trial run for a larger one at E-Fest
  - Even larger one at Summer LAN

### AOB -  

Sam to talk to Jane about collaberation with DCS for academic talks and hackathons  
Also talking with sponsors for next year  

## Quotes

"Rob is a gift to us all, but he's not present." - Toby  
"Something outrageous." - Also Toby

