+++
title = "Exec Minutes - 9th March 2007"
date = "2007-03-09"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/exec-minutes-9th-march-2007-1474488896842/"
+++

**Present** All, Candle and Bucko slightly late but participate in all  
discussions

#### Agenda

  - Previous Minutes
  - Future Newsletters
  - Week 10 Socials
  - Sponsorship
  - Gaming
  - A.O.B

#### Previous Minutes

Generally previous minutes had been somewhat of a disaster due to use  
of PDF and unavailability due to a bad URL. Simon said he would try  
to sort this out and use Textile but generally would be helpful if  
people could pass on information before it became a problem with  
general membership. This will be improved in future.

**Action:** All to read minutes with next 2 days (via PDF) and email  
exec with any problems.

#### Future Newsletters

Had also been a considerable problem due to formatting and missing  
information. Si also promised to try to improve these in future, if  
only to remove all the complains emails in his inbox.

**Action:** Network Cable information to be included in future emails  
**Action:** Tech Team to provide script for news letters  
**Action:** Disk quota to be included in future newsletters  
**Action:** Newsletters to be sent to exec before being sent out

#### Week 10 Socials

VGDSoc to bring console kit - possibly to include Wii, XBox 360 and  
Playstation II.

Tech Team report being ready for LAN.

Signups are now available on website.

**Action:** Signup to be included in newsletter  
**Action:** Si and Bucko to investigate needing a car for gaming event

#### Sponsorship

Various items were discussed which are not included due to privacy of  
sponsorship.

#### Gaming

Various options for gaming were discussed. Currently new rooms  
(Social Studies) are still not available. In the mean time  
alternatives were proposed.

**Action:** Mullet/Si to talk to Mike Joy with regards Gaming in DCS,  
potentially an interim solution.  
**Action:** Tech Team need to prepare gaming installers

#### A.O.B.

IRCops were discussed but are not included for privacy concerns.

No Exec for next week due to gaming event however Exec Meeting will  
be held to discuss planning for 07-08 academic year on Wednesday at  
15:45.

**Action:** Bruce to book MS.03 for next exec meeting on Wednesday 15:45
