+++
title = "Minutes - 7th November 2013"
date = "2013-11-07T00:00:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-7th-november-2013-1474488917787/"
+++

Agenda  
**Present**: veltas, murtag, hir142, crumpet, ruth, zed0, rayhaan, mcnutty

# Social

  - ruth: Crash has been organised.
  - We are going to organise Pop alongside animesoc.  
    **ACTION**: hir142 to add himself to contact page on website.  
    **ACTION**: hir142 to organise Lazerquest for week 9.  
    **ACTION**: argha to give admin to hir142 on the website.  
    **ACTION**: all exec to sign up for Pop on Facebook (who’s going).

# Academic

  - ruth: Free food was a really good idea, more people came and payed attention.
  - ruth: Argha really helped numbers by announcing it at the end of a lecture.  
    **ACTION**: veltas to sort out details of talk next week.  
    **ACTION**: veltas to book Bletchley Park trip.  
    **ACTION**: veltas to look up travel stuff for that (and maybe get a people carrier license).

# Gaming

**ACTION**: buy hoover, bin bags and cleaning liquid for next LAN.

  - ruth: LAN setup, tear-down and rota was a bit of a shambles.  
    **ACTION**: all exec to sort themselves out.  
    **ACTION**: murtag to arrange another time to meet ‘big screen’ woman.  
    **ACTION**: murtag to get prizes from vista print.

# Tech

  - Buying a cluster for academic use was suggested.
  - Points for the cluster were providing virtual machines, and providing cluster technology (which is valuable experience).
  - Not all exec convinced that this was a good idea to okay immediately.
  - Exec agreed to reconvene on the idea after a week, and consider alternative usage of the money.

# Miscellaneous

**ACTION**: veltas to do clothing order (will announce and take orders at gaming probably).
