+++
title = "Minutes - 21st November 2013"
date = "2013-11-21"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-21st-november-2013-1474488918082/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

Agenda  
**Present**: veltas, hir142, argha, mcnutty, murtag, rayhaan, ruth

# Academic

  - ruth: RedGate talk stuff - it went incredibly well, probably because they gave us marketing materials and the company’s quite good, also on careers day
  - ruth: final progcomp next week - sponsored? Yet to find out
  - Bletchley park to do still
  - ruth doing a talk next week
  - ruth: not going to have weekly talks next term

# Gaming

  - Big screen stuff?
  - murtag: going to be maybe next week, didn’t happen but should’ve
  - veltas: should do paper names for LAN again, wasn’t horrendous  
    **ACTION**: ruth to print off paper names  
    **ACTION**: all exec to sign up for LAN rota  
    **ACTION**: murtag to get trolley from Roger

# Tech

  - argha: SU says there’s no space for rack servers  
    **ACTION**: argha to talk to zed0 about space, also to ask roger about server space  
    **ACTION**: argha to msg passwords for mailman to murtag, veltas and hir142  
    **ACTION**: argha to disable certain accounts for anime mail problem  
    **ACTION**: argha to buy a new gigabit switch … 3+ ports

# Social

  - Pop went well, went well with animesoc as well
  - People should sign up to secret santa  
    **ACTION**: veltas to mention secret santa again in the newsletter
  - Should make an event for laserquest
  - Should make an event for christmas meal
  - argha: we should have another pop/circling at some time

# Miscellaneous

  - veltas: will look up clothing stuff, LAN is a good place to get interest
