+++
title = "Minutes - 14th November 2013"
date = "2013-11-14T00:00:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-14th-november-2013-1474488917884/"
+++

Agenda  
**Present**: ruth, murtag, veltas, rayhaan, hiren

# Academic

  - ruth: everyone invite everyone to RedGate talks\!

# Gaming

  - murtag: drumkit arrived, Soul Calibur V being shipped
  - murtag: Got a whole bunch of survey responses  
    **ACTION**: murtag to talk to roger about remote.  
    **ACTION**: ruth to set up LAN rota.
  - murtag to do minecraft stuff for coming LAN probably

# Tech

  - veltas: maybe make a Tech team again? Seems to be de-facto right now.
  - General consensus was it would be easier to keep it informal
  - veltas: how did security fixing go?
  - Argha: we resolved major security problem with ITS and Latin Ballroom Dancing
  - Argha: anime email was a spoof
  - The discussion of getting a cluster was reconvened
  - Conclusion was that it was a good idea: cluster to be bought and set up  
    **ACTION**: Argha to arrange meeting with SU about holding the cluster.

# Social

  - ruth: we should do a secret santa event  
    **ACTION**: veltas to put that in newsletter.  
    **ACTION**: ruth to put limit on prices for presents e.g. Â£5.  
    **ACTION**: Argha to run circling.  
    **ACTION**: hir142 to make event for meal.
