+++
title = "Minutes - 10th January 2014"
date = "2014-01-10T00:00:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-10th-january-2014-1474488918383/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

Agenda  
**Present**: veltas, murtag, ruth, rayhaan

# Academic

  - ruth: talk from BBC arranged with Candle looking like week 7, still in the works
  - rayhaan to do a talk week 4  
    **ACTION**: veltas to book room for rayhaanâ€™s talk week 4  
    **ACTION**: ruth to put programming workshop on website
  - veltas: should be able to arrange computing museum trip for week 6 (if not week 3)

# Social

**ACTION**: hir to put pub on website  
**ACTION**: oli and murtag to sort out pop with animesoc

# Gaming

  - We decided against hiding the future events when we add them in bulk.
  - murtag: will think of a tournament for tomorrow
  - murtag: do guest accounts work?

# Tech

  - Well do they? Do guest accounts work? To follow-up next week
  - Stopped warnings that had taken up \~16GB in /var from one of the websites using us as a host

# Miscellaneous

**ACTION**: veltas to mention AGM, positions, requirements in newsletter  
**ACTION**: veltas to check SU website about whether we need to do something special to make a new exec position  
**ACTION**: veltas to sort out clothes order  
**ACTION**: veltas to make doodle to figure out time for next exec meeting
