+++
title = "Minutes  - 31st January 2014"
date = "2014-01-31"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-31st-january-2014-1474488918863/"
+++

Agenda  
**Present**: veltas, crumpet, agga, rayhaan, ruth, hir, zed0, mcnutty

# Academic

  - Candle talk will be wednesday week 7.  
    **ACTION**: ruth to ask dept. about room for Candle talk  
    **ACTION**: veltas to cancel booked room

# Gaming

  - murtag: needs to ask about big screen
  - People who turn up for setup should go to DCS
  - Zero Space competition or Samurai Gunn for DCS

# Tech

  - agga: asked Roger about storing servers, he wants to know some details about how weâ€™ll use the space  
    **ACTION**: agga and rayhaan to talk to Roger about storing servers.

# Socials

  - mcnutty mentions https://zombiexperience.co.uk/ as possible future thing
  - Pop was good  
    **ACTION**: hir to sort out real ale festival and crash

# Misc

**ACTION**: next secretary to bring biscuits to first meeting (and others)

  - To sell AGM at LAN

# Action overflow:

## All Exec

  - to check event page for AGM.

## ruth

  - to ask dept. about room for Candle talk.

## murtag

  - to do inventory of games.
  - to get prizes from vista print.
  - to buy TV online (for Wii U).

## veltas

  - to look up travel stuff.
  - to do clothing order.
  - to cancel booked room (for Candle talk).

## olibacon

## agga

  - to ask (Fyorl) if anime still use mailman and remove from them if not.
  - agga and rayhaan to talk to Roger about storing servers.

## hir

  - to put pub on website.
  - to book Cosmo for exec takeover meal, for some time after the AGM.
  - to sort out real ale festival and crash.

## rayhaan

  - agga and rayhaan to talk to Roger about storing servers.
