+++
title = "Minutes - 17th January 2014"
date = "2014-01-17"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-17th-january-2014-1474488918586/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

Agenda  
**Present**: veltas, ruth, hir, murtag, zed0, oli, agga

# Academic

  - ruth: candle’s talk to do

# Gaming

  - murtag: need a new TV for Wii U  
    **ACTION**: murtag to buy TV online
  - murtag: game design pub yesterday suggested competition of making 2-player games and we hold tournament
  - Seems legit
  - zed0 to fix bot in IRC for warcraft3

# Tech

  - Mailman replacement should be investigated
  - Unused mailman lists should be removed even if mailman isn’t being replaced
  - More exec need the mailman moderator password
  - Should give Rayhaan and David Truby access to add packages to dcs-get as they are fairly active  
    **ACTION**: zed0 to give access to rayhaan and truby  
    **ACTION**: agga to give passwords on IRC to murtag, veltas, hir  
    **ACTION**: agga to ask fyorl about anime’s mailman usage re other action

# Socials

  - Pop happening with animesoc
  - agga: circling with animesoc week 4 wed (90s theme)

# Misc

**ACTION**: exec to update doodle
