+++
title = "Minutes"
date = "2016-01-20"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-1474488924643/"
+++

Phillammon, rhiba, hermit, ness and mcnutty present.

\-Migration to Nodd is done\! (Alex owes Will a Nandos.)  
\-rhiba: Look into online voting.  
\-Need to plan AGM: suggest week 8 at LAN. Do handover in term 3 instead.  
\-Phillammon needs the list of things to buy from Maddy.  
\-Phillammon needs to get gaming survey template and do it.  
\-Phoach under new management - is this a possibility now? Refurb done by end of February.  
\-people want to have names on the music server. Will: do this.  
\-anime kareoke at gaming and LANs\!  
\-big screen gaming at end of term. phillammon: do this.  
\-talks\! Phillammon: do this.  
\-Alice: "Ive spawned with a really big penis."  
\-Competions at LAN: maybe starwhal? samari gun, nidhogg, mount your friends, jackbox

Congratulations on the successful meeting guys. WE GOT STUFF DONE.

Also, its penguin awareness day.

