+++
title = "Minutes Week 4"
date = "2016-02-03"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-week-4-1474488924919/"
+++

\-Phillammon has sent emails to warwick big screen and eben from rPi.  
\-Phillammon is about to do gaming survey - make it a web link.  
\-Rayhaan will send survey once its written.  
\-Rayhaan: get LAN trolley.  
\-LAN rota is filled.  
\-External people need to go through the SU pls.  
\-Rhiba buy cleaning stuff.  
\-We have enough duck tape \\o/  
\-New music server works with names.  
\-Need to organise Will and Alex nandos.  
\-In next email, advertise AGM. (and facebook)  
\-Rhiba: create AGM event.  
\-Room: B2.01 (Sci Conc) Date(s): Wednesday, 24/02/2016 Time: 17:00-20:00  
\-Rhiba: Clothing order\! Go through that website. (alice and will know)  
\-Rayhaan: Fix admin CSS.  
\-Shift stuff off estridge\! We shouldn't use it.  
\-We really need to fix mail.  
\-Hearthstone is FINE, if it crashes, close and reopen like you would any other program.  
\-Nandos is awesome.

