+++
title = "Minutes 27/01/16"
date = "2016-01-27"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-270116-1474488924828/"
+++

Present: mcnutty, phillammon, rayhaan, marmite, hermit and tankski

\-Lanrota is in progress, rhiba and maddy should sign up for slots  
\-LAN to be advertised in newsletter and on facebook  
\-need trolley this time, try not to get equipment rained on  
\-no progress on big screen gaming  
\-rhiba will book a room for AGM during week 7 or 8. Running just on the day should be fine

h2. Action overflow

(it's back baby\!)  
\-phillammon to remember to progress big screen gaming  
\-rhiba to send newsletter with LAN in it, sign up for LAN slots, book AGM room  
\-rayhaan to ask for trolley for LAN  
\-hermit to post LAN on facebook  
\-maddy to sign up for LAN slots

